 Blanketed  Eggplant recipe.  Place eggplants on double thickness of paper towels. Salt generously. Let stand 1 hour. Pat dry with paper towels. Cut 2 deep incisions in each eggplant. Using tip of knife, push 1 mint leaf and 1 garlic sliver into each incision. Pour 2 cups oil into heavy medium saucepan and heat to 375°F. Add eggplants in batches and fry until deep golden brown, turning occasionally, about 4 minutes. Transfer eggplants to paper towels and drain. Blanch tomatoes in pot of boiling water for 20 seconds. Drain. Peel tomatoes. Cut tomatoes in half; squeeze out seeds. Chop tomatoes; set aside. Heat 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in large pot over high heat. Add 2 flattened garlic cloves; sauté until light brown, about 3 minutes. Discard garlic. Add onion; sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add reduced to 3 cups, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Mix capers and 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil into sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat. Add eggplants. Simmer 5 minutes, spooning sauce over eggplants occasionally. Spoon sauce onto platter. Top with eggplants. Serve warm or at room temperature.  Blanketed  Eggplant has 1386.0 calories.  Blanketed  Eggplant has 9.0 grams of protein.  Blanketed  Eggplant has 133.0 grams of fat.  Blanketed  Eggplant has 105.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of  Blanketed  Eggplant are 8 small Japanese eggplants, peeled, 16 large fresh mint leaves, 4 large garlic cloves, 2 slivered, 2 flattened, 2 cups olive oil (for deep frying), 2 pounds tomatoes, 7 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 6 fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 1/2 tablespoons drained capers.Arabs brought the eggplant to Sicily in the late tenth century and, in fact, the Italians once called eggplant radice arabica, or Arab root. It is an integral ingredient in Sicilian cuisine, and the variety of recipes featuring it — the most famous being caponata — is astounding. Sicilians often serve room-temperature vegetable preparations as appetizers. In this one, a caper-flavored tomato sauce "blankets" the eggplant.  Tomato Vegetable Appetizer Side Vegetarian Eggplant Pan-Fry Vegan Bon Appétit.