 Virgin Mary  Aspic recipe.  Quarter medium tomatoes and chop celery. In a food processor purée quartered tomatoes until smooth and transfer to a heavy saucepan. Add celery, basil, salt, and sugar and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Force mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. In a small bowl sprinkle gelatin over water and let soften 1 minute. Add gelatin mixture to hot tomato mixture, stirring until gelatin is dissolved. Stir in horseradish juice, Worcestershire sauce, and 1 tablespoon vinegar. Set bowl in bowl of ice water and stir until cool. Divide tomato mixture among four 1/2-cup molds or ramekins. Chill aspics, loosely covered, until firm, at least 4 hours, and up to 2 days. In a small bowl whisk together oil, remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Dip bottom of 1 mold or ramekin into a bowl of hot water 3 seconds and run a thin knife around edge. Invert a plate over mold or ramekin and invert aspic onto plate. Unmold remaining aspics, 1 at a time, in same manner. Surround aspics with cherry or currant tomatoes and drizzle tomatoes with vinaigrette. Garnish tomatoes with basil.  Virgin Mary  Aspic has 180.0 calories.  Virgin Mary  Aspic has 5.0 grams of protein.  Virgin Mary  Aspic has 11.0 grams of fat.  Virgin Mary  Aspic has 479.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of  Virgin Mary  Aspic are 2 pounds medium vine-ripened tomatoes (about 5), 1 celery rib, 1 1/2 cups loosely packed fresh basil leaves, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon sugar, 1 envelope plus 3/4 teaspoon unflavored gelatin (about 3 1/4 teaspoons), 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 1/2 teaspoon juice from bottled horseradish, 1 teaspoon white-wine Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 36 assorted small vine-ripened cherry or currant tomatoes, Garnish: thinly sliced fresh basil leaves. Herb Tomato Vegetable Appetizer Vegetarian Summer Chill Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.