3-Ingredient Sausage Dinner With Lentils and Fennel recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Finely chop half of 1 fennel bulb. Chop 2 Tbsp. fronds, transfer to a small bowl, and set aside. Heat 3 Tbsp. oil in a 3–4-qt. heavy saucepan over medium. Cook chopped fennel, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add lentils, 1 tsp. salt, and 4 1/2 cups water, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until lentils are just tender but not falling apart, 15–25 minutes. Meanwhile, cut remaining 1 1/2 fennel bulbs into 1" wedges. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high. Cook sausages, turning occasionally, until golden brown on all sides but still undercooked, about 8 minutes. Transfer sausages to a plate. Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in same skillet over medium-high. Cook fennel wedges and remaining 1 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper, stirring, until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Nestle sausages among fennel wedges, then transfer skillet to oven and roast until sausages are firm and fully cooked through, about 8 minutes more. Cut sausages diagonally into 1/2"-thick slices. Divide lentils among bowls, then top with sliced sausage, roasted fennel, a drizzle of oil, and reserved fennel fronds. 3-Ingredient Sausage Dinner With Lentils and Fennel has 206.0 calories. 3-Ingredient Sausage Dinner With Lentils and Fennel has 13.0 grams of protein. 3-Ingredient Sausage Dinner With Lentils and Fennel has 1.0 grams of fat. 3-Ingredient Sausage Dinner With Lentils and Fennel has 1257.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of 3-Ingredient Sausage Dinner With Lentils and Fennel are 2 medium fennel bulbs with fronds, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for serving, 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 cup dried lentils (preferably French green lentils; about 7 ounces), 4 sweet Italian sausages.In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).  3-Ingredient Recipes Sausage Dinner Lentil Fennel Spring.