3-Ingredient Lemony Green Beans With Frizzled Leeks recipe.  Cook green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, 5–7 minutes. Drain, then immediately transfer to a large bowl filled with ice water. Drain again and pat dry. Meanwhile, zest lemons to yield 1 Tbsp. zest. Juice lemons to yield 1/4 cup juice, then slice any remaining lemons into wedges. Cut leeks crosswise into 4" sections, then thinly slice lengthwise into matchsticks. Heat oil in a large deep-sided skillet over medium-high until shimmering. Cook half of leeks, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels; season with salt. Repeat with remaining leeks; reserve oil in skillet. Cook green beans, pepper, lemon zest, and remaining 1 tsp. salt in reserved oil over medium heat, tossing occasionally, just until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Add lemon juice and toss to coat, then transfer to a platter. Drizzle about 1/2 cup oil from pan over; reserve remaining oil for another use. Top with leeks and serve with lemon wedges alongside. Green beans can be blanched 1 day ahead; let dry, then transfer to an airtight container and chill. 3-Ingredient Lemony Green Beans With Frizzled Leeks has 429.0 calories. 3-Ingredient Lemony Green Beans With Frizzled Leeks has 3.0 grams of protein. 3-Ingredient Lemony Green Beans With Frizzled Leeks has 41.0 grams of fat. 3-Ingredient Lemony Green Beans With Frizzled Leeks has 255.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of 3-Ingredient Lemony Green Beans With Frizzled Leeks are 2 1/2 pounds green beans, preferably haricot verts, trimmed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 3 lemons, 2 large leeks, white and light-green parts only, 1 1/2 cups olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper.In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).  3-Ingredient Recipes Thanksgiving Green Bean Leek Side Lemon Wheat Gluten-Free Vegan Vegetarian Dairy Free.