Agave-Glazed Turkey Breast with Sherry Gravy recipe. Pat turkey breast dry and rub all over with 2 1/2 teaspoons sea salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. If you have the time, chill the breast in a baking dish, covered, overnight see Cooks' Notes). Let turkey stand at room temperature 1 hour. Heat oven to 425째F with rack in lower third. Position turkey on rack in pan and roast 30 minutes. Reduce oven to 400째F and scatter onion slices in bottom of roasting pan. Add 1 cup water and continue to roast until thermometer inserted in thickest part of breast, close to but not touching bone, registers 160째F, 30 to 40 minutes. While turkey is roasting, stir together agave nectar and vinegar in a small nonreactive saucepan and boil, stirring occasionally, until thickened and reduced to 3 tablespoons. Remove from heat, but keep warm. Brush glaze on turkey and roast until thermometer registers 165째F, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer turkey breast to a platter and let stand 15 minutes. While turkey is standing, remove the rack, scraping off any yummy bits into the pan. Straddle pan over 2 burners and add sherry, then deglaze pan by boiling sherry, stirring and scraping up browned bits, for 1 minute. Strain liquid through a sieve into a heavy medium saucepan. Add stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and keep at a simmer. Meanwhile, whisk 1/2 cup water slowly into flour in a small bowl until flour slurry is smooth, then whisk in 1 tablespoon vinegar. Add flour slurry to simmering stock, whisking, and bring gravy to a boil, whisking. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking, 3 minutes. Season gravy with salt and pepper and additional vinegar, if desired. Slice turkey breast and serve with gravy. Agave-Glazed Turkey Breast with Sherry Gravy has 1016.0 calories. Agave-Glazed Turkey Breast with Sherry Gravy has 133.0 grams of protein. Agave-Glazed Turkey Breast with Sherry Gravy has 43.0 grams of fat. Agave-Glazed Turkey Breast with Sherry Gravy has 780.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Agave-Glazed Turkey Breast with Sherry Gravy are 1 (5- to 6-pound) turkey breast with skin and bones, Fine sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons agave nectar, 1/3 cup sherry vinegar, 1 cup dry or medium-dry sherry, 3 cups brown turkey stock, chicken stock, or reduced-sodium broth, 1/2 cup water, 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1 to 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: A roasting pan fitted with a V-shaped rack; an instant-read thermometer.Agave nectar, a product of the agave plant better known as the source of tequila, blends beautifully with Old World Spanish sherry for a gentle sweet-and-sour glaze and luscious gravy. Because agave nectar has a low glycemic index, it's the new darling of the health-conscious crowd who are trying to lower their sugar intake. Although making the brown turkey stock for the gravy is an extra step, it can be done weeks ahead and frozen, and it's the secret behind a truly memorable gravy.  Onion Poultry turkey Roast Thanksgiving Dinner Fortified Wine Sherry Fall Gourmet.