Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni recipe. Bring milk to a simmer in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over medium heat. Whisk together yolks, sugar, cornstarch, and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Whisk in milk, then transfer mixture to saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly, then boil, whisking constantly, 2 minutes. Immediately strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean bowl. Divide custard among 3 bowls. To make almond base, whisk 1/2 teaspoon vanilla into 1 bowl; for pistachio base, whisk almond extract and food coloring into another bowl; for chocolate base, whisk cocoa and remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla into third bowl. Cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally. Chill custards, surfaces covered with parchment paper to prevent a skin from forming), until cold, at least 6 hours. Freeze each custard in ice cream maker, 1 batch at a time white, then green, then brown). Fold almonds into vanilla custard, then fold pistachios into green custard. Transfer to a shallow 2-quart container or 3 smaller containers and put in freezer to firm up, about 4 hours. Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni has 255.0 calories. Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni has 8.0 grams of protein. Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni has 12.0 grams of fat. Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni has 52.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Almond, Chocolate, and Pistachio Spumoni are 6 cups whole milk, 8 large egg yolks, 1 1/4 cups sugar, 1/2 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, divided, 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract, 2 drops green food coloring, 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process), 2/3 cup whole blanched almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped, 1/2 cup unsalted shelled pistachios, toasted and coarsely chopped, Equipment: an ice cream maker.Spumoni trumps all others as the ideal frozen treat: It's richer than gelato, lighter than ice cream, and smoother than frozen custard. The inspiration for this classic flavor combination came from L & B Spumoni Gardens, in Brooklyn, a favorite spot for this tricolor treat.  Milk Cream Ice Cream Machine Chocolate Dessert Freeze Chill Kid-Friendly Frozen Dessert Almond Pistachio Family Reunion Gourmet.