Amaranth and Feta Phyllo Triangles recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F. In a large skillet, melt the butter. Pour off half of it and set aside. Add the leeks and garlic to the pan and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add the amaranth, red pepper flakes, 2 generous pinches of salt, and 1/4 cup water. Cook over low heat for 3 minutes, or until the liquid has evaporated. Remove from the heat and transfer to a medium bowl. Add the feta and eggs and mix to combine. Lay one of the sheets of phyllo dough on a smooth work surface. Cut the sheet in half so it becomes an 8 × 12-inch rectangle. Lightly brush the top surface of the rectangle with the reserved melted butter, then fold it in half so it becomes a double-layered 4 × 12-inch sheet with the buttered parts on the inside. Divide the amaranth into 8 equal portions about 3 tablespoons each). Place one portion on the bottom left corner of the phyllo, 1 inch from the end. Fold the corner up over the filling into a triangle shape. Press down to seal. Continue to fold up the sheet as you would fold a flag. Press the end to seal. Brush the top of the triangle with melted butter and sprinkle with grated Parmesan, if desired. Transfer to a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining phyllo sheets. Bake for 20 minutes, or until the edges are golden brown. Serve warm or let cool and then freeze. To reheat, defrost on the baking sheet and then bake. Amaranth and Feta Phyllo Triangles has 313.0 calories. Amaranth and Feta Phyllo Triangles has 10.0 grams of protein. Amaranth and Feta Phyllo Triangles has 21.0 grams of fat. Amaranth and Feta Phyllo Triangles has 879.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Amaranth and Feta Phyllo Triangles are 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, 2 medium leeks, white and light green parts only, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 ounces (2 cups packed) amaranth leaves, roughly chopped, 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, to taste, Salt, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled (1 cup), 2 large eggs, 4 (16 x 12-inch) sheets frozen phyllo dough, defrosted, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (optional).With more flavor than spinach triangles and packed with vitamins, these quickly became such a hit in our house; we like this so much we double the recipe when we make it because no one can eat just one.  Cheese Dairy Appetizer Bake Cocktail Party Feta Summer Party Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Advance Prep Required Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.