Apple Fritters with Orange Glaze recipe. Whisk together flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk eggs, then whisk in milk, melted butter, zest, and vanilla. Add wet ingredients into dry and fold until just combined do not overmix), then fold in apples. Heat 3/4 inch of oil in a 10- to 12-inch deep heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers. Drop a little batter into the oil. If it bubbles and rises to the top, the oil is ready. If it browns immediately, reduce heat. Or use a deep-fat/candy thermometer to heat oil until it registers 375°F.) Using two tablespoons soup spoons), drop spoonfuls of batter, each containing 2 apple slices, into oil. Working in batches of 5, cook fritters, turning over halfway through, until golden brown, center is just cooked through, and apples are tender, 3 to 4 minutes total. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Make sure oil returns to 375°F between batches.) Whisk together 1 cup confectioners' sugar with orange juice and vanilla until smooth. Dust fritters with some additional confectioners' sugar and drizzle glaze over fritters. Apple Fritters with Orange Glaze has 339.0 calories. Apple Fritters with Orange Glaze has 2.0 grams of protein. Apple Fritters with Orange Glaze has 29.0 grams of fat. Apple Fritters with Orange Glaze has 135.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Apple Fritters with Orange Glaze are 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 3/4 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest from 1 navel orange (set aside orange to use for juice in glaze), 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 Golden Delicious apples (1 pound total), peeled, cored, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, About 3 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup confectioners' sugar plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons orange juice from navel orange, 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Special equipment: Deep-fat/candy thermometer.Hanukkah is the celebration of ritual oil that miraculously lasted for eight days instead of one, which is why oil factors prominently during the holiday. While latkes (potato pancakes pan-fried in oil) are traditional—and we've never met a latke we didn't love—why not end the meal this year with apple fritters that are as tender and delicate as cake doughnuts? Drizzled with an orange glaze, they echo the flavors of the winter season.  Hanukkah Kid-Friendly Orange Apple Deep-Fry Candy Thermometer Orange Juice Gourmet.