Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust recipe. Stir together flour, salt, and cheese in a large bowl or pulse in a food processor). Add butter and shortening and blend with your fingertips or a pastry blender or pulse) just until mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly pea-size butter lumps. Drizzle 6 tablespoon ice water evenly over mixture and gently stir with a fork or pulse) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If dough doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring or pulsing) until incorporated. Do not overwork dough or pastry will be tough. Turn out dough onto a work surface and divide in half, then form each half into a 5-inch disk. Chill, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Put a foil-lined large baking sheet in middle of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Peel and core apples, then slice 1/4 inch thick. Toss apples with sugar, flour, lemon juice, and salt until evenly coated. Roll out 1 piece of dough keep remaining disk chilled) on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 13-inch round. Fit into a 9-inch pie plate. Roll out remaining piece of dough into an 11-inch round. Transfer filling to shell. Dot with butter, then cover with pastry round. Trim edges, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang. Press edges together to seal, then fold under. Lightly brush top crust with milk, then cut 5 1-inch-long) vents. Bake on hot baking sheet 20 minutes. Reduce oven to 375°F and bake until crust is golden-brown and filling is bubbling, about 40 minutes more. Cool to warm or room temperature, 2 to 3 hours. Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust has 805.0 calories. Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust has 16.0 grams of protein. Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust has 40.0 grams of fat. Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust has 542.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Apple Pie with Cheddar Crust are 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 pound extra-sharp Cheddar (preferably white), coarsely grated (2 1/2 cups), 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1/4 cup cold vegetable shortening (trans-fat-free), cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 6 to 8 tablespoon ice water, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 1/2 pound Gala apples (3 medium), 1 1/2 pound Granny Smith apples (3 medium), 2/3 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter.A crumbly slab of Cheddar is a centuries-old accompaniment to a slice of apple pie; it imparts character in a way that a scoop of ice cream can't hope to match. Adding grated cheese to the crust tweaks the tradition, thus bringing an iconic dessert full circle.  Food Processor Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Kid-Friendly Cheddar Apple Fall Butter Gourmet.