Apple-Onion Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy recipe.  Place turkey neck, heart and gizzard in large pot. Add 8 cups cold water and 2 celery stalks; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 1 hour. Strain into large measuring cup. Return turkey stock to pot; simmer until reduced to 4 cups, about 30 minutes. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry. Remove excess fat from neck and main cavities. Place turkey on rack set in large roasting pan. Place onion, apple and remaining 2 celery stalks in main cavity. Rub outside of turkey with bacon drippings; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Loosely tie legs together to hold shape. Cover breast portion of turkey with sheet of heavy-duty foil. Pour turkey stock into pan around turkey. Roast turkey 1 1/2 hours. Remove foil from over breast. Baste turkey with pan juices. Continue to roast turkey until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 180°F, basting occasionally with pan juices, about 1 1/4 hours longer. Transfer turkey to platter; let stand at least 20 minutes. Pour juices from roasting pan into large glass measuring cup. Spoon off fat, reserving 2 tablespoons. If necessary, add enough chicken broth to degreased pan juices to measure 2 1/2 cups. Heat 2 tablespoons turkey fat in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add flour; whisk until beginning to color, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in pan juices and any collected juices from platter holding turkey. Boil gravy until thickened enough to coat spoon, whisking often, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve turkey with gravy. Apple-Onion Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy has 831.0 calories. Apple-Onion Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy has 151.0 grams of protein. Apple-Onion Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy has 18.0 grams of fat. Apple-Onion Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy has 623.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Apple-Onion Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy are 1 14- to 15-pound turkey; neck, heart and gizzard reserved, 8 cups cold water, 4 large celery stalks, 1 white onion, quartered, 1 tart green apple, quartered, Bacon drippings or olive oil, Canned low-salt chicken broth (if needed), 2 tablespoons all purpose flour.Even though turkeys are rarely stuffed in the South, cooks usually tuck a few flavorful ingredients—like apple and onion—inside the bird before it goes into the oven. In this recipe, the outside of the turkey is rubbed with bacon drippings so that the skin will be golden, crisp and delicious.  Fruit Onion Poultry turkey Roast Thanksgiving Apple Fall Bon Appétit.