Apple and Walnut Whole-Wheat Bread Pudding recipe.  Preheat oven to 325°F and grease a 9- by 12-inch baking pan. On a large cookie sheet, spread the bread cubes in an even layer. Bake until lightly toasted, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. In a medium bowl, whisk together the honey, eggs, yolks, and vanilla. In a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan, bring the milk, cinnamon, and nutmeg to a simmer. Remove from heat immediately. Whisking constantly, slowly add the hot milk to the egg mixture. Let the custard cool slightly. In a large bowl, combine the bread cubes, apple, and walnuts. Gently stir in the custard, coating the bread mixture thoroughly with the liquid. Let stand, tossing once or twice to distribute, until the custard is mostly absorbed, about 10 minutes. Spread the pudding evenly into the baking pan. Bake until it is brown and the edges are bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool, then slice and serve warm, topped with vanilla ice cream. Apple and Walnut Whole-Wheat Bread Pudding has 527.0 calories. Apple and Walnut Whole-Wheat Bread Pudding has 18.0 grams of protein. Apple and Walnut Whole-Wheat Bread Pudding has 14.0 grams of fat. Apple and Walnut Whole-Wheat Bread Pudding has 370.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Apple and Walnut Whole-Wheat Bread Pudding are 12 slices honey whole-wheat bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup honey, 6 large eggs, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 1/4 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 large green apple, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup toasted walnuts, roughly chopped.Beware of packaging announcing a product is "100 percent wheat" — this designation can be used on foods made with refined wheat flour. To be sure of a product's nutritional value, read labels carefully: The first ingredient should be a whole-grain product. Check the fiber content — if the product doesn't contain a minimum of three grams per slice, you are probably dealing with an impostor.  Milk Cream Egg Fruit Nut Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Apple Walnut Vanilla Honey Cinnamon Cookie Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.