Apple and Smoked-Bacon Salad with Lychees and Chili Nuts recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Stir together all chili nut ingredients in a metal pie plate. Bake, stirring occasionally, until liquid is absorbed and nuts are coated with spice mixture and dry, about 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally. Warm apples in a large bowl of warm water, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes, then drain and pat dry. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 12 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and reserve 6 tablespoons fat in skillet. Using slicer, cut apples into 1/8-inch-thick slices into a large bowl, rotating apple a quarter turn each time you reach core, then continuing to slice until left with nothing but core. Gently toss with lime juice. Heat fat in skillet over medium heat until hot, then pour over apples and gently toss with bacon and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Divide among 8 shallow bowls and sprinkle with lychees, scallions, and chili nuts. Apple and Smoked-Bacon Salad with Lychees and Chili Nuts has 362.0 calories. Apple and Smoked-Bacon Salad with Lychees and Chili Nuts has 10.0 grams of protein. Apple and Smoked-Bacon Salad with Lychees and Chili Nuts has 21.0 grams of fat. Apple and Smoked-Bacon Salad with Lychees and Chili Nuts has 558.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Apple and Smoked-Bacon Salad with Lychees and Chili Nuts are 1 cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce (preferably Tiparos brand), 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne, 1 1/2 pounds Winesap or Gala apples (3 to 4), 1 1/2 pounds Mutsu (also called Crispin) or Golden Delicious apples (3 to 4), 1/2 pound slab bacon, any rind discarded, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch lardons (sticks), 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 16 canned lychees (from a 20-ounce can), drained and quartered, at warm room temperature, 1/2 cup chopped scallions at room temperature, Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer.Chang's two restaurants cater decidedly to the pork lover, and this salad is no exception. Among the sweet, smoky, and tart notes tossed together, you'll get an occasional zing of heat from the chili nuts (which, served on their own, may very well become your new favorite bar snack).  Salad Fruit Nut Pork Bake Dinner Lunch Apple Meat Bacon Peanut Fall Winter Gourmet Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.