Apricot-Almond Gift Bread recipe.  Position rack in center of oven. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake large loaf 60 to 65 minutes, baby loaves 40 to 45 minutes. Prepare pans) as directed. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar, and wheat germ. If using a food processor, add the apricots and a generous tablespoon of the flour mixture to the bowl and pulse until the fruit is cut into small 1/4-inch) bits. Or, cut up the apricots with oiled kitchen shears or an oiled knife. Scrape the apricot bits into the bowl with the flour. Chop the nuts and add them to the dry ingredients. In a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, egg, nectar or buttermilk, and extracts. Make a well in the middle of the dry ingredients and pour in the oil-egg mixture. Whisk or stir just to blend well; don't over mix. Scrape the batter into the prepared pans), filling them about two-thirds full. Bake 60 to 65 minutes for a large loaf, 40 to 45 minutes for small loaves or for the time indicated for your altitude in the chart), or until the bread is golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in the pans) on a wire rack. To make the optional icing, whisk together the sugar and liquid in a small bowl until thick and smooth. When the bread is completely cooled, drizzle the icing over the top; it will harden as it dries. Apricot-Almond Gift Bread has 3610.0 calories. Apricot-Almond Gift Bread has 57.0 grams of protein. Apricot-Almond Gift Bread has 119.0 grams of fat. Apricot-Almond Gift Bread has 2455.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Apricot-Almond Gift Bread are 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons wheat germ, 1 cup dried apricots (moist-style), 1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) blanched almonds, 1/3 cup canola or light olive oil, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 3/4 cup apricot nectar or buttermilk, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2/3 cup sifted confectioners' sugar, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, water, or fruit juice (or as needed), Special Equipment: 9- by 5- by 3-inch loaf pan or three 5 3/4- by 3 1/4- by 2-inch baby loaf pans; food processor and kitchen shears or cutting board and knife; wooden skewer or cake tester., Pan Preparation: Butter the pan(s) or spray with butter-flavor nonstick vegetable spray and dust with flour. Tap out the excess flour..This recipe is for baking at sea level. However, you will notice specifics related to baking at high altitude. For instructions on baking at 3,000, 5,000, 7,000, and 10,000 feet click here.  Bread Food Processor Breakfast Brunch Dessert Bake Dried Fruit Almond Fall Winter Edible Gift Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.