Arctic Char with Cucumber-Feta Relish and Jalapeño-Goat Cheese Hush Puppies recipe.  Toss first 7 ingredients in medium bowl. Season relish with salt and freshly ground black pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Sprinkle fish on both sides with salt and freshly ground pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Place fish, skin side down, in skillet. Cook until skin is brown, occasionally flattening with spatula to prevent curling, about 4 minutes. Turn fish over. Cook until just opaque in center, about 1 minute. Using slotted spoon, mound relish on plates. Top with fish, skin side up. Arrange hush puppies alongside and serve. Arctic Char with Cucumber-Feta Relish and Jalapeño-Goat Cheese Hush Puppies has 460.0 calories. Arctic Char with Cucumber-Feta Relish and Jalapeño-Goat Cheese Hush Puppies has 14.0 grams of protein. Arctic Char with Cucumber-Feta Relish and Jalapeño-Goat Cheese Hush Puppies has 43.0 grams of fat. Arctic Char with Cucumber-Feta Relish and Jalapeño-Goat Cheese Hush Puppies has 290.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Arctic Char with Cucumber-Feta Relish and Jalapeño-Goat Cheese Hush Puppies are 1 12-ounce cucumber, peeled, seeded, diced (about 1 1/2 cups), 3/4 cup coarsely crumbled sheep's-milk feta cheese (about 3 ounces), 1/2 cup chopped red onion, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, 4 5- to 6-ounce arctic char fillets with skin, 3 tablespoons canola oil, Jalapeño-Goat-Cheese Hush Puppies.Want to grab a bottle of olive oil and lunch? Then stop by Caseus, a cheese shop/bistro combo. The place is named for drained, pressed milk curds—and the folks here do know their cheese. The shop carries more than 100 artisanal varieties, which show up on the bistro menu. In this recipe, goat cheese adds wonderful flavor and texture to spicy hush puppies.  Quick & Easy Dinner Feta Seafood Cucumber Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.