Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini recipe.  Place all ingredients in processor. Blend until finely chopped. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk shallot, vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, mustard, and garlic in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: vinaigrette can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Spread 1 tablespoon pesto over each baguette slice. Sprinkle parsley over crostini. Mix baby greens, artichoke hearts, and cherry tomatoes in very large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat lightly. Sprinkle feta over. Serve salad with crostini. Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini has 243.0 calories. Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini has 7.0 grams of protein. Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini has 20.0 grams of fat. Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini has 275.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Artichoke, Cherry Tomato, and Feta Salad with Artichoke-Pesto Crostini are 1 12-ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained, 3 tablespoons (packed) finely grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/4 cup chopped shallot (about 1 large), 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley plus additional for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon whole grain Dijon mustard, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3/4 cup olive oil, 12 1/2-inch-thick diagonal baguette slices, toasted, 3 5-ounce packages mixed baby greens, 2 12-ounce jars marinated artichoke hearts, drained, 1 12-ounce container yellow and red cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 4 ounces).This salad is served with crostini topped with artichoke pesto instead of croutons.  Salad Tomato Appetizer Side Vegetarian High Fiber Dinner Lunch Feta Artichoke Summer Healthy Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.