Arugula Salad with Roasted Eggplant and Sweet Pomegranate Dressing recipe. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Peel and cut the eggplants into thick rounds of about 1 inch thick, brush both sides with oil, sprinkle with sea salt and place on a shallow baking sheet. Place in the oven to roast until golden and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove, cool completely and slice each round in half. Set aside. Using a mortar and pestle, crush the fennel seeds and garlic to make a paste. Add the balsamic vinegar, honey, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, pomegranate molasses and olive oil. Whisk together to emulsify the dressing. Set aside. In a shallow serving platter lay the arugula leaves. Sprinkle the onion, tomatoes, salt and pepper on top. Toss to combine. Scatter the eggplant slices on the salad. Drizzle some dressing all over. Garnish with pine nuts and pomegranate seeds. Serve immediately, with crusty olive bread and olives on the side. Arugula Salad with Roasted Eggplant and Sweet Pomegranate Dressing has 655.0 calories. Arugula Salad with Roasted Eggplant and Sweet Pomegranate Dressing has 9.0 grams of protein. Arugula Salad with Roasted Eggplant and Sweet Pomegranate Dressing has 44.0 grams of fat. Arugula Salad with Roasted Eggplant and Sweet Pomegranate Dressing has 1140.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Arugula Salad with Roasted Eggplant and Sweet Pomegranate Dressing are 2 medium eggplants, 1/4 cup peanut and olive oil, combined, Sea salt, 2 tsp whole fennel seeds, 1 clove garlic, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1/4 cup honey, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 Tbsp Dijon mustard, 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses, 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 large handfuls arugula leaves, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, sliced, Salt and pepper, 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts, 1/2 cup fresh pomegranate seeds.Sweet and sour is a recurring theme in Arabic cuisine. Pomegranate molasses has this distinct taste. Here I've mixed it with other flavors, but it can be used on its own to enhance a salad, a dip or a savory pastry. The pepperiness of the arugula and the soft buttery eggplant along with the sweet cherry tomatoes are unforgettable.  Salad Tomato Appetizer Ramadan Eggplant Arugula Pomegranate Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Soy Free Kosher.