Asian Noodle, Mushroom, and Cabbage Salad recipe.  Place mushrooms in medium bowl; add enough boiling water to cover. Let stand until mushrooms soften, about 45 minutes. Drain mushrooms. Cut off stems and discard; thinly slice caps. Heat peanut oil in heavy large wok or nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add cabbage, ginger, garlic, and mushrooms. Stir-fry until cabbage wilts, about 2 minutes. Add 2-inch green onion pieces; toss until green tops begin to wilt, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat. Mix in 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain well; place in large bowl. Whisk sesame oil, next 3 ingredients, and 2 tablespoons soy sauce in small bowl. Add to noodles. Add sliced eggs, 3/4 cup cilantro, and cabbage mixture; toss to blend well. Season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill, tossing occasionally.) Sprinkle salad with 2 chopped green onions, chopped egg, and remaining 1/4 cup cilantro and serve. Asian Noodle, Mushroom, and Cabbage Salad has 356.0 calories. Asian Noodle, Mushroom, and Cabbage Salad has 10.0 grams of protein. Asian Noodle, Mushroom, and Cabbage Salad has 14.0 grams of fat. Asian Noodle, Mushroom, and Cabbage Salad has 365.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Asian Noodle, Mushroom, and Cabbage Salad are 12 large dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 3 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 green onions; 12 halved lengthwise and cut on diagonal into 2-inch lengths, 2 chopped, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 1-pound package fresh thin Chinese egg noodles or one 12-ounce package dried Chinese egg noodles, 1/3 cup oriental sesame oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 hard-boiled eggs; 2 thinly sliced, 1 chopped for garnish, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro.Chinese egg noodles are at Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of the supermarket.  Bread Salad Mushroom Pasta Side Stir-Fry Summer Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.