Asparagus, Fingerling Potato, and Goat Cheese Pizza recipe.  Place potatoes in small saucepan. Add enough water to cover by 1 inch. Sprinkle with salt. Bring to boil and cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Cool. Cut potatoes into thin slices. Preheat oven to 450°F. Sprinkle rimless baking sheet with cornmeal. Roll and stretch pizza dough to 16x11-inch oval. Transfer to baking sheet. Mix 1 tablespoon olive oil and garlic in small bowl. Brush garlic oil over dough. Sprinkle 3/4 of green onions over, then mozzarella, leaving 1/2-inch plain border. Top with potato slices and goat cheese. Toss asparagus and 1 tablespoon oil in medium bowl. Scatter asparagus over pizza. Sprinkle with Parmesan, then lightly with salt and generously with pepper. Bake pizza until crust is browned and asparagus is tender, about 18 minutes. Transfer to cutting board. Sprinkle with remaining green onions. Cut into pieces. The ingredients of Asparagus, Fingerling Potato, and Goat Cheese Pizza are 5 ounces fingerling potatoes, Cornmeal (for sprinkling), Pizza Dough, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 garlic clove, pressed, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, divided, 1 1/3 cups grated whole-milk mozzarella cheese (about 6 ounces), 4 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 8 ounces asparagus, trimmed, each spear cut in half lengthwise, then crosswise into 2- to 3-inch pieces, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese.It's the possibilities in that blank crust that make pizza so much fun. Lately, we've been obsessed with white pizza. Brush the dough with olive oil, sprinkle with mozzarella, and then let the fun begin. Without the acidity of the tomato sauce to contend with, you can really experiment. In this version, asparagus adds freshness and a hit of color, goat cheese brings a creamy tang, and fingerling potatoes (yes, potatoes) round out the pie with their richness.  Potato Appetizer Bake Vegetarian High Fiber Mother's Day Father's Day Dinner Lunch Goat Cheese Asparagus Spring Party Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.