Asparagus, Leek, Shiitake and Potato Ragoût recipe. Cut leeks crosswise into 1/2-inch slices and in a bowl soak in water, agitating occasionally to dislodge any sand, 5 minutes. Lift leeks out of water and drain in a colander. Quarter potatoes. In a 12- to 14-inch non-stick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté potatoes with salt to taste, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a bowl. In skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil until hot but not smoking and sauté leeks, stirring occasionally and shaking skillet, until lightly browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer leeks to bowl with potatoes. In skillet, heat remaining tablespoon oil until hot but not smoking and sauté asparagus, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and sauté mixture, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are softened, about 3 minutes. Add broth and bring to a boil. Add potatoes and leeks and simmer, covered, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Squeeze a little lemon juice over vegetables and stir in mint, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Asparagus, Leek, Shiitake and Potato Ragoût has 283.0 calories. Asparagus, Leek, Shiitake and Potato Ragoût has 9.0 grams of protein. Asparagus, Leek, Shiitake and Potato Ragoût has 12.0 grams of fat. Asparagus, Leek, Shiitake and Potato Ragoût has 171.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Asparagus, Leek, Shiitake and Potato Ragoût are 2 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), 1 pound small red potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed and cut diagonally into 1-inch pieces, 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps quartered, 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, 1/2 lemon, 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves.Can be prepared in 45 minutes or less.  Mushroom Potato Vegetable Side Sauté Low Cal Asparagus Leek Spring Gourmet Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.