Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette recipe. Put dried mushrooms in a heatproof bowl and pour boiling water over them. Let stand 20 minutes. Pour mushrooms with liquid through a paper towel-lined sieve into a small saucepan. Transfer mushrooms to a cutting board and finely chop. Add vinegar, shallots, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and half of mushrooms to saucepan and boil mixture until it is reduced to 2/3 cup, about 10 minutes. Whisk in 1/4 cup olive oil and add salt and pepper to taste. Sauce can be served warm or at room temperature. Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in upper third. Stir together remaining chopped mushrooms with softened goat cheese in a small bowl. Place a steamer basket in a 5-quart pot filled with 2 inches of water. Steam asparagus, covered, just until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer asparagus to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking, then drain and pat dry. Halve asparagus crosswise. Arrange bread slices on a large baking sheet. Brush with some olive oil and bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Spread goat cheese mixture generously on toasts. To serve, place a toast in the center of a salad plate and arrange 4 or 5 stem ends of asparagus on each. Top stems with asparagus tips, arranging them perpendicular to stems. Drizzle asparagus and surrounding plate with vinaigrette. Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette has 219.0 calories. Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette has 10.0 grams of protein. Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette has 13.0 grams of fat. Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette has 239.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Asparagus Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Porcini Vinaigrette are 1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 cup boiling water, 1/4 cup sherry vinegar, 1/4 cup minced shallots, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing, 2 bunches (2 pounds) green asparagus (not pencil), ends trimmed to 6 inches, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, softened, 8 (1/2-inch thick) slices good quality bread, such as pain de mie, pullman or sourdough, crusts trimmed.Dried porcini give this vinaigrette a huge boost of flavor and marry beautifully with the asparagus and goat cheese for a spring-like first course. Serve this dish with sharp knives (like steak knives) so the toast and asparagus cut easily. For more seasonal recipes, download the free Gourmet Live app and stay tuned to the Gourmet Live blog for the latest updates.  Bread Mushroom Appetizer Quick & Easy Graduation Wedding Goat Cheese Asparagus Spring Shower Engagement Party Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.