Australian Pavlovas with Ginger and Tropical Fruits recipe.  Preheat oven to 200°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with foil; butter foil. Beat whites and cream of tartar in large bowl to soft peaks. Add 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until stiff and glossy. Add 4 tablespoons ginger, cornstarch and cardamom; beat 1 minute. Spoon meringue into pastry bag fitted with plain 1/2-inch round tip. Pipe 3 1/2-inch-diameter meringue ring on prepared sheet. Pipe another ring atop first. Pipe meringue inside ring to create thin base, covering bottom of ring completely. Repeat, forming 6 meringue shells total. Bake meringues 1 1/2 hours they will not color). Turn oven off. Leave meringues in closed oven 1 1/2 hours longer. Can be made 1 day ahead. Store between layers of waxed paper in airtight container.) Slice 1 1/2 mangoes; chill. Puree remaining 1 1/2 mangoes in processor with 1 tablespoon sugar. Mix in enough water to thin to sauce consistency. Can be made 6 hours ahead. Chill.) Beat cream, sour cream, vanilla and 1 tablespoon sugar in large bowl to stiff peaks. Drizzle 1/4 cup mango sauce onto each of 6 plates. Place 1 meringue on each plate. Spoon 1/3 cup cream into center of each meringue. Top with pineapple, kiwi and sliced mango. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon ginger. Australian Pavlovas with Ginger and Tropical Fruits has 434.0 calories. Australian Pavlovas with Ginger and Tropical Fruits has 5.0 grams of protein. Australian Pavlovas with Ginger and Tropical Fruits has 11.0 grams of fat. Australian Pavlovas with Ginger and Tropical Fruits has 68.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Australian Pavlovas with Ginger and Tropical Fruits are 4 large egg whites, room temperature, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 5 tablespoons minced crystallized ginger, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, 3 large mangoes, peeled, pitted, 5 tablespoons (about) water, 1 cup chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup chilled sour cream, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/4 pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into wedges, 2 kiwis, peeled, cut into rounds.These individual Pavlovas are inspired by the popular Australian dessert (named for the Russian ballerina), which combines crisp meringue with whipped cream and assorted fruit. It's easy to form the cups with a pastry bag, but if you don't have one, try this technique: Drop the meringue by half-cupfuls onto the baking sheets, then use the back of a spoon to create a deep, wide indentation in the center of each.  Milk Cream Egg Fruit Ginger Dessert Bake Kiwi Mango Pineapple Anniversary Sour Cream Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.