Avocado and Smoked Pork Carnitas recipe. Place first 5 ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Add enough water just to cover ham hocks. Season with pepper. Reduce heat and simmer until ham is very tender, turning occasionally, about 3 hours. Remove ham from bone and shred. Discard bones and fat. Transfer 4 cups ham to large bowl reserve any remainder for another use). Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, chopped cilantro and cumin in medium bowl. Add celery, carrots, green onions, chilies and 3/4 cup sour cream dressing to ham and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover ham mixture and remaining dressing separately and chill.) Place 2 large lettuce leaves on each plate. Thinly slice remaining lettuce. Sprinkle sliced lettuce atop whole leaves in center of plate. Mound ham filling in avocado halves. Place atop bed of lettuce. Spoon enough remaining dressing over to cover filling completely. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and lime. Avocado and Smoked Pork Carnitas has 731.0 calories. Avocado and Smoked Pork Carnitas has 43.0 grams of protein. Avocado and Smoked Pork Carnitas has 55.0 grams of fat. Avocado and Smoked Pork Carnitas has 1611.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Avocado and Smoked Pork Carnitas are 3 pounds smoked ham hocks, 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 onion, halved, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 bay leaf, 1 1/4 cups sour cream, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 1 cup finely chopped carrots, 1 cup chopped green onions, 3 tablespoons minced jalapeño chilies with seeds, 1 head red leaf lettuce, 4 large avocados, peeled, halved, Fresh cilantro sprigs, Lime wedges.Carnitas is a traditional Mexican dish of fried pork. In this version, the meat is braised with vegetables and spices. For best results, use large, meaty ham hocks.  Dairy Fruit Herb Pork Dinner Ham Avocado Sour Cream Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.