BA's Best Strawberry Shortcake recipe.  Pulse egg yolks, both flours, baking powder, salt, and granulated sugar in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until only pea-size pieces remain. Drizzle in 2/3 cup cream, then pulse 2–3 times to barely incorporate. Transfer dough to a work surface and gently fold on top of itself several times just to bring it together and work in any dry spots. Using a 2-oz. ice cream scoop, make 6 balls and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Do not flatten. Or measure out mounded scoops with a 1/4-cup measuring cup.) Cover and chill until cold, 20–25 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush tops of shortcakes with remaining 2 Tbsp. cream and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until golden and sides are firm to the touch, 28–32 minutes. Let cool. Toss strawberries, granulated sugar, lemon zest, and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl to combine. Transfer half of strawberries to a large saucepan and add 1 Tbsp. water; let remaining strawberries macerate while you bring strawberries in saucepan to a gentle simmer over medium-low. Cook, stirring occasionally and reducing heat if needed to keep at a low simmer, until strawberries are starting to break down and become jammy and liquid is syrupy, 12–18 minutes. Let cool, then stir in 1 tsp. lemon juice. Stir remaining 1 tsp. lemon juice into macerated strawberries. Combine heavy cream, powdered sugar, and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; reserve pod for another use. Beat cream until soft peaks form. Split shortcakes and divide strawberry compote, macerated strawberries, and whipped cream among bottoms. Close with shortcake tops. Shortcakes can be baked 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Reheat before serving. The ingredients of BA's Best Strawberry Shortcake are 2 hard-boiled egg yolks, cooled, 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, 3 tablespoons semolina flour or fine-grind cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Sanding or granulated sugar (for sprinkling), 1 1/2 pounds strawberries (about 1 quart), hulled, halved, quartered if large, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise.You’re looking at the quintessential June dessert, perfected by the BA Test Kitchen. This is part of BA's Best, a collection of our essential recipes.  Bon Appétit Dessert Summer Strawberry Biscuit Milk Cream Vanilla Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.