Bacon Jalapeño Popcorn recipe. Set a large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until crispy and browned and the fat has rendered, about 8 minutes. Add the jalapeños to the pot and stir well. Cook for 2 minutes, or until the jalapeños are charred. Line a plate with a paper towel and use a slotted spoon to transfer the bacon and jalapeños to the plate. Set aside. Add the olive oil to the pot and increase the heat to high. Add the popcorn kernels and toss well to coat them in the oil. Spread the kernels evenly on the bottom of the pot, then cover the pot with the lid. When the first kernels start to pop, very slightly uncover the pot. Shake the pot back and forth directly over the heat. Cook until the kernels stop popping, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and pour the popcorn into a large bowl. Add the reserved bacon and jalapeños, the Parmesan, and the salt. Toss well to mix. Serve warm. Bacon Jalapeño Popcorn has 462.0 calories. Bacon Jalapeño Popcorn has 12.0 grams of protein. Bacon Jalapeño Popcorn has 35.0 grams of fat. Bacon Jalapeño Popcorn has 928.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bacon Jalapeño Popcorn are 1/2 pound applewood smoked bacon, cut into 1/4-inch dice, 3 jalapeños, seeded and cut into thin rings, 3 tablespoons extra- virgin olive oil, 1 cup popcorn kernels, 3/4 ounce Parmesan cheese, grated (about 1/4 cup), 1 teaspoon kosher salt.I love the old-school sound of corn popping on the stovetop. I remember the very first time Ryder heard it—we were up at the cabin and he walked in to investigate what the heck was making all the noise. His eyes got as big as saucers when I showed him what was going on in the pot. There’s nothing like seeing stuff you usually take for granted through the fresh eyes of kids. Most kids today only know pre-popped or microwave popcorn. For more flavor and the much-deserved anticipation, there is nothing like the stovetop method. For best results use a heavy-bottomed pot with a tight-fitting lid and a good handle.  HarperCollins snack Bacon Jalapeño Chile Pepper Corn Parmesan.