Bacon and Egg Sandwiches with Pickled Spring Onions recipe.  Combine onions, vinegar, sugar, salt, and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl and toss to combine; let stand for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place bacon on a foil-lined large rimmed baking sheet; brush both sides with syrup. Bake until bacon begins to crisp but is still pliable, 20-25 minutes. Mix mayonnaise and Sriracha in a small bowl to combine; set aside. Spread 1 side of bread slices with plain mayonnaise. Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat. Working in batches, cook bread, mayonnaise side down, until brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Wipe out skillet. Melt butter in same skillet over medium heat; crack eggs into skillet. Cook, occasionally basting with butter in skillet, until whites are set, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spread untoasted side of each bread slice with spicy mayo. Build sandwiches with bread, bacon, eggs, pickled spring onions, and arugula. Bacon and Egg Sandwiches with Pickled Spring Onions has 884.0 calories. Bacon and Egg Sandwiches with Pickled Spring Onions has 24.0 grams of protein. Bacon and Egg Sandwiches with Pickled Spring Onions has 69.0 grams of fat. Bacon and Egg Sandwiches with Pickled Spring Onions has 1687.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bacon and Egg Sandwiches with Pickled Spring Onions are 4 spring onions or 6 scallions, whites only, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 slices thick-cut bacon, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 8 slices white sandwich bread, such as Pullman, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt, ground pepper, 1 cup arugula leaves.If you've ever woken up with a hangover, you know why egg sandwiches have earned their spot in the comfort-food canon. But the day-after staple can cure your dinnertime blues, too. The necessities: a runny yolk; soft, griddled bread; and something fresh to keep the fat attack in check. Once you've nailed these basics, it's about adding a few more elements for flair. This version, from Austin's Noble Sandwich Co., uses quick-pickled onions (proof that pickles make everything taste better), Sriracha mayonnaise to bring the heat (a dash of hot sauce would also do the trick), and arugula for brightness and bite. Throw some avocado on there, or sliced ripe tomato, if you're in the mood. The point is, think savory, think seasonal, and wake up to a new reality.  Sandwich Egg Breakfast Brunch Lunch Bacon Green Onion Scallion Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.