Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast with Hazelnut Mole recipe. Combine first 9 ingredients in processor; blend until marinade is almost smooth. Rub marinade all over turkey breast halves. Place turkey in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish; pour remaining marinade over. Cover and chill overnight. Remove turkey from marinade, allowing some marinade to cling to turkey. Sprinkle turkey with salt and pepper. Place 1 pound bacon slices side by side on work surface, overlapping slightly. Place 1 turkey breast half, rounded side down, atop bacon. Wrap bacon around turkey breast, stretching slices slightly to cover turkey. Secure with toothpicks to hold bacon in place, then tie with kitchen string to secure bacon. Remove toothpicks. Repeat with second turkey breast half and remaining bacon. Place turkey breasts on large rimmed baking sheet. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and chill.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Place turkey in oven and roast 25 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F and roast until instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of turkey registers 155°F, about 35 minutes. Remove from oven; let turkey rest 15 minutes internal temperature will reach 162°F). Cut turkey breasts crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices. Ladle generous amount of Hazelnut Mole on large platter. Arrange turkey slices atop mole; sprinkle with parsley and serve. *Chipotle chiles — dried, smoked jalapeños — canned in a spicy tomato sauce, sometimes called adobo, are sold at some supermarkets, specialty foods stores, and Latin markets. Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast with Hazelnut Mole has 599.0 calories. Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast with Hazelnut Mole has 43.0 grams of protein. Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast with Hazelnut Mole has 45.0 grams of fat. Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast with Hazelnut Mole has 629.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast with Hazelnut Mole are 1/2 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1/4 cup olive oil, 3 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 large garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles*, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 2-pound skinless boneless turkey breast halves, 2 pounds applewood-smoked bacon slices, Hazelnut Mole, Chopped fresh parsley.What to drink: Roberto Santibañez recommends a Petite Sirah (a full-bodied, peppery red wine varietal) from L.A. Cetto in Mexico's Guadelupe Valley. Or try the Guenoc Petite Sirah from California's North Coast.  turkey Marinate Roast Christmas Bacon Hot Pepper Hazelnut Parsley Bon Appétit.