Baked Mushroom-Sesame Rice Balls recipe.  Put the rice in a large pot along with a big pinch of salt. Add enough water to cover by about 1 1/2 inches. Bring to a boil, then adjust the heat so the mixture bubbles gently. Cook, stirring occasionally and adding more boiling water if the rice begins to stick to the bottom, until the grains are very tender and burst, about an hour. Meanwhile, put the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. When it's hot, add the mushrooms, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until dry, lightly browned, and almost crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. When the rice is starchy and very thick, stir in the mushrooms, transfer to a bowl, and let cool in the fridge, at least 45 minutes and up to 24 hours. When you are ready to bake the rice balls, heat the oven to 375°F and grease two large baking sheets. Pour the sesame seeds into a shallow bowl. Roll the rice mixture into 1 1/2-inch balls, dip each ball into the sesame seeds to coat it completely, and put the balls 2 inches apart on the prepared pans. Bake the rice balls, turning them as needed, until crisp and golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately, passing soy sauce at the table. Baked Mushroom-Sesame Rice Balls has 364.0 calories. Baked Mushroom-Sesame Rice Balls has 9.0 grams of protein. Baked Mushroom-Sesame Rice Balls has 18.0 grams of fat. Baked Mushroom-Sesame Rice Balls has 396.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Mushroom-Sesame Rice Balls are 1 1/2 cups short grain brown rice, Salt, Boiling water, as needed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the pans, 8 ounces fresh shiitake or button mushrooms, chopped, Black pepper, 1 cup sesame seeds or finely chopped nuts, plus more as needed, Soy sauce, for passing at the table.This spin on onigiri, Japanese sticky white rice balls, combines the earthiness of brown rice and mushrooms with the crunch of a sesame seed crust. The key is cooking the rice until it releases all of its starch, then chilling it in the fridge so you can easily roll it into balls before baking.  Appetizer Vegetarian Party Brown Rice Seed Sugar Conscious Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.