Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs recipe. Drain beans and place in a large heavy pot along with halved onion, Parmesan rind if using), halved head of garlic, bay leaves, and 2 teaspoons salt. Add water to cover by 2". Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until beans are tender, 1–1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until brown and most of fat has rendered, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a plate with tongs or a slotted spoon. Add thinly sliced onion, shallot, thyme sprigs, and three-fourths of chopped garlic to pan drippings in skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is starting to caramelize and is very soft, 10–15 minutes. Add wine, bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid is almost completely evaporated, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and pluck out thyme sprigs. Preheat oven to 400°. Drain beans, reserving cooking liquid. Transfer beans to a large bowl and mix in bacon, onion mixture, thyme leaves, and 1 1/2–2 cups cooking liquid this will be most of it; mixture should be consistency of stew); season with salt and pepper. Transfer beans to a shallow 1 1/2-quart baking dish. Mix breadcrumbs, oil, and remaining chopped garlic in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Scatter over beans; bake until liquid is thickened and bubbling and crumbs are golden brown, 45–55 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving. Do ahead: Beans can be baked 5 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs has 473.0 calories. Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs has 23.0 grams of protein. Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs has 19.0 grams of fat. Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs has 971.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Beans with Slab Bacon and Breadcrumbs are 2 cups dried navy or cannellini beans, soaked overnight, 2 medium onions, 1 halved, 1 thinly sliced, 1 Parmesan rind (optional), plus, 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, plus 4 cloves, finely chopped, divided, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, 8 ounce slab bacon, cut into 2x1/4" pieces, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 4 sprigs thyme plus 1 tablespoon leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 cup dry white wine, 1 1/2 cups coarsely torn fresh breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil.These aren't sticky-sweet brown sugar baked beans. Think of them like the top crust of a good cassoulet.  Bean Kid-Friendly Dinner Parmesan Bacon Fall Winter Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.