Baked Breaded Cauliflower recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. Drain all liquid from cooked cauliflower, ease whole head into 9-inch pie pan generously coated with nonstick baking spray, and set aside. Melt butter in small heavy saucepan over moderately low heat. Add scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes until limp. Blend in flour, salt, pepper, and nutmeg and cook and stir 3 minutes. Whisking constantly, add half-and-half in slow, steady stream and continue whisking 5 to 8 minutes until thickened and no raw floury taste lingers. Add cheese and stir until melted. Carefully pour sauce over cauliflower and sprinkle with Topping. Slide onto middle oven shelf and bake uncovered about 20 minutes until lightly browned. Ease breaded cauliflower onto heated round platter and serve as an accompaniment to roast beef, lamb, or pork. Good, too, with roast chicken or turkey or baked ham. Baked Breaded Cauliflower has 311.0 calories. Baked Breaded Cauliflower has 12.0 grams of protein. Baked Breaded Cauliflower has 20.0 grams of fat. Baked Breaded Cauliflower has 577.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Breaded Cauliflower are 1 large cauliflower (about 3 pounds), trimmed of leaves and coarse bottom stem, then cooked until crisp-tender (see Note above), 2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 large scallions, trimmed and finely chopped (white part only), 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups half-and-half, at room temperature, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano (see Tip above), 1/3 cup moderately coarse dry bread crumbs mixed with 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano and 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter (Topping).If there's a way to bake a vegetable, trust a Southerner to find it. Who else, pray tell, would steam a head of cauliflower, sauce it, bread it, and bake it? Note: To save time, I nuke the cauliflower, adding no additional liquid. The drops of water clinging to the head after it's washed are quite enough. I simply put the cauliflower in a 2 1/2-quart microwave-safe casserole deep enough to accommodate it, one with a tight-fitting domed lid. I then center the covered casserole in my microwave oven, set the cook-time at 14 minutes, and hit HIGH (full power). My microwave oven is a 650-watter; newer models of higher wattage will do the job faster—perhaps twice as fast. But you will know your particular model's prowess better than I. If you choose to steam the cauliflower instead, allow 8 to 10 minutes in a covered saucepan over moderate heat or until crisp-tender—there should be about 3/4 inch of water in the pan. No steamer rack needed. While the cauliflower cooks, ready the sauce and bread crumb topping. That way no time wasted. Tip: For mellower flavor and smoother sauce, substitute freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese for the Cheddar our mothers and grandmothers would have used.  Cheese Side Bake Vegetarian Dinner Cauliflower Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.