Baked Chicken with Chile-Yogurt Marinade recipe. To make the marinade, with the machine running, drop the garlic and jalapeño through the feed tube of a food processor. Add the onion and cilantro, and pulse until the onion is finely chopped. Add the yogurt, lime zest and juice, chili powder, and salt, and process into a purée. Or place all of the ingredients, but only 1 cup of the yogurt, in a blender and process until smooth. Transfer the marinade to a bowl and stir in the remaining yogurt.) Divide the chicken pieces between two 1-gallon self-sealing plastic bags. Pour in the marinade and seal the bags. Refrigerate for at least 2 and up to 8 hours. Position two racks in the top third and center of the oven and preheat to 400°F. Line two large baking sheets with aluminum foil and lightly oil the foil. This makes for easy cleanup.) Remove the chicken from the marinade. Arrange on the baking sheets. Bake for 20 minutes. Turn the chicken and switch the positions of the baking sheets from top to bottom. Continue baking until a drumstick shows no sign of pink when pierced at the bone, about 25 minutes more. Transfer to a serving dish. Serve the chicken hot. Baked Chicken with Chile-Yogurt Marinade has 411.0 calories. Baked Chicken with Chile-Yogurt Marinade has 37.0 grams of protein. Baked Chicken with Chile-Yogurt Marinade has 25.0 grams of fat. Baked Chicken with Chile-Yogurt Marinade has 467.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Chicken with Chile-Yogurt Marinade are 3 garlic cloves, 1 jalapeño, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 large onion, cut into large chunks, 1/4 cup packed fresh cilantro, basil, or parsley leaves, One 16-ounce container plain low-fat yogurt, Grated zest of 2 limes, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chili powder or pure ground mild chile, such as ancho, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 large (8 to 9 ounces each) chicken breast halves, each cut in half crosswise to make 8 pieces total, 6 chicken drumsticks, 6 chicken thighs.A platter of marinated chicken is always a popular buffet item, and I've been serving this at my parties for years. Choose cilantro, basil, or even parsley to fit your fancy or your guests' taste (I have cilantro-haters in my crowd, and you may, too). For the juiciest results, use bone-in, skin-on chicken. This marinade works well to protect skinless chicken from drying out — just reduce the baking time by a few minutes.  Chicken Dairy Pepper Poultry Bake Marinate Yogurt Buffet.