Baked Risotto with Roasted Vegetables recipe.  Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C/gas 6. Roast the vegetables on a single baking sheet/tray on the top rack of the oven {the risotto will bake on the bottom rack}. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in an ovenproof saucepan or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until it is soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the oil. Stir in the wine and cook until the wine has evaporated, 1 minute more. Stir in 2 cups/480 ml of the hot water, salt, and pepper, and bring to a boil. Cover and transfer to the oven. Bake on the bottom rack during the last 25 minutes of roasting time for the vegetables. After 25 minutes, check the risotto. Most of the liquid should be absorbed and the rice just cooked. Remove the risotto from the oven and stir in another 1/2 cup/120 ml hot cups of water, and the butter and cheese. Serve topped with roasted vegetables with thin shavings of Parmigiano-Reggiano. Baked Risotto with Roasted Vegetables has 493.0 calories. Baked Risotto with Roasted Vegetables has 9.0 grams of protein. Baked Risotto with Roasted Vegetables has 21.0 grams of fat. Baked Risotto with Roasted Vegetables has 827.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Risotto with Roasted Vegetables are Roasted Winter Vegetables, 1 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 onion, finely chopped, 3/4 cup/150 g Arborio rice, 1/4 cup/60 ml dry white wine, 2 to 2 1/4 cups/480 to 540 ml hot water, homemade or packaged organic chicken broth, or a mix, 3/4 tsp kosher salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tbsp unsalted butter, 1/4 cup/30 g freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, plus more for garnish.Soft, creamy risotto topped with warm roasted vegetables makes a complete meal in a bowl. If you don't like the idea of standing at the stove and stirring risotto to a perfect consistency, this is the method for you. Thirty minutes in the oven and this risotto comes out cooked to perfection while you and your beloved wind down from your day.  Wine Cheese Dairy Rice Vegetable Bake Vegetarian Dinner Parmesan Fall Winter Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.