Baked Flaxseed Crab Cakes recipe. Position a rack in the center of the oven. Coat a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray. Pick through the crabmeat to make sure there aren’t any shells. Set aside. Put the scallions, fresh herbs, mayonnaise, and flaxseeds in a large bowl and stir well to combine. Add the crabmeat and give it a gentle toss. Place the oats, hemp seeds, and seafood seasoning on a plate. Toss with your fingers to mix. Form the crabmeat mixture into four 4-inch-wide patties and press into the oat-seed mixture. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Mist the tops with olive oil cooking spray and transfer to the oven. Broil for 3–5 minutes until the tops are golden. Place the romaine in a large bowl along with the olive oil and the vinegar and toss well. Divide the romaine salad among four plates. Top each plate with two crab cakes and serve immediately. The ingredients of Baked Flaxseed Crab Cakes are Olive oil cooking spray, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 4 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh herbs such as dill, chives, or tarragon, 1/2 cup olive oil–based mayonnaise, 1/4 cup ground flaxseeds, 1/4 cup quick-cooking rolled oats, 2 tablespoons hemp seeds, 1/2 teaspoon seafood seasoning such as reduced-sodium Old Bay, 1/2 pound romaine lettuce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar.You don’t have to book a reservation at your favorite seafood house to dig into flaky crab cakes—just make these simple ones in your broiler at home! Crab is an overlooked superfood, low in calories and high in complete protein, vitamin B12, and zinc, all key building blocks of your body and brain. Flaxseeds and hemp seeds bring in fiber and protein, so you stay full longer. If you spy reddish microgreens or fresh nasturtiums at your local farmers’ market, they will make lovely garnishes for this gourmet meal and add a spicy note.  HarperCollins Crab Seafood Shellfish Healthy Quick and Healthy Bake Herb Green Onion Scallion Dinner Summer Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free.