Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon recipe. Preheat oven to 275°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss asparagus with 2 Tbsp. oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper on prepared sheet, then arrange in a single layer on one half of baking sheet. Bake asparagus 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread each salmon fillet with 2 tsp. mustard. Sprinkle fillets with 1/4 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper total. Toss panko with remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in a small bowl. Sprinkle panko mixture evenly onto salmon fillets, then dust with smoked paprika. After asparagus has baked for 5 minutes, remove baking sheet from oven. Place prepared salmon fillets skin side down on empty half of baking sheet. Return to oven and bake until salmon is firm but still pink in the center and asparagus is tender, 14–16 minutes more for medium rare salmon. Divide salmon and asparagus among four plates and top with tarragon. Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon has 486.0 calories. Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon has 38.0 grams of protein. Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon has 34.0 grams of fat. Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon has 576.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon are 1 bunch thin asparagus (about 1 pound), trimmed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 4 (6-ounce) skin-on salmon fillets, 8 teaspoons country-style or whole-grain Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon.Gently baking salmon in a low-temperature oven ensures a moist and succulent fillet and only takes about 15 minutes. The asparagus cooks on the same baking sheet, making clean-up a breeze.  Bake Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Dinner Lunch Salmon Asparagus Healthy Low Cholesterol Tarragon Quick and Healthy Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free.