Baked Artichokes Stuffed with Anchovies and Garlic recipe.  Place bread in medium bowl. Pour warm water over; soak 5 minutes. Drain, then squeeze bread dry. Return bread to same bowl. Add 1/2 cup oil, purchased breadcrumbs, mint, capers, anchovies, and chopped garlic; blend well. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375°F. Fill large bowl with water. Squeeze in juice from lemon. Cut off all but 1 1/2 inches of stem from 1 artichoke. Peel stem with vegetable peeler. Starting at bottom of artichoke, snap off outer 3 rows of leaves. Cut off top 1/3 of artichoke. Spread leaves, exposing center. Remove center leaves and bristly choke. Place artichoke in lemon water. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Pour cold water into 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish to reach depth of 1/2 inch. Add halved garlic. Drain artichokes. Pack centers with stuffing. Place artichokes, stuffed side down, in prepared dish. Drizzle with 1/4 cup oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover dish. Bake until tester inserted into artichoke bottoms meets no resistance, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Place artichokes on platter. Serve warm or at room temperature. Baked Artichokes Stuffed with Anchovies and Garlic has 438.0 calories. Baked Artichokes Stuffed with Anchovies and Garlic has 10.0 grams of protein. Baked Artichokes Stuffed with Anchovies and Garlic has 29.0 grams of fat. Baked Artichokes Stuffed with Anchovies and Garlic has 581.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Artichokes Stuffed with Anchovies and Garlic are 4 ounces French bread (1/4 of 1-pound loaf), crusts removed, bread torn into pieces, 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup purchased unseasoned dry breadcrumbs, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1/4 cup drained capers, 6 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 6 garlic cloves; 4 chopped, 2 halved, 1 lemon, halved, 6 medium artichokes.Mint and capers grow everywhere on Sicily, and anchovies are always available. Here they enhance another island crop: artichokes.  Fish Garlic Side Bake Artichoke Spring Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.