Baked Butternut Squash with Tomatoes and Pine Nuts recipe. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Cut off and peel neck of squash, then cut neck crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds reserve round portion for another use). Season both sides of slices with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then cook squash, in batches if necessary, until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Add water to skillet and cook squash, covered, over moderately low heat until tender, about 5 minutes. Gently transfer squash with a spatula to a 2-quart gratin or other shallow baking dish, overlapping slices if necessary, then pour any juices from pan over squash. Cook onions and garlic in remaining 2 tablespoons oil in skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently, until soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in tomatoes with juice, oregano, allspice, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer 3 minutes. Cover squash with tomato mixture and crumble feta on top, then sprinkle with nuts. Bake gratin until heated through and cheese is softened, about 10 minutes. Serve gratin drizzled with oil. Baked Butternut Squash with Tomatoes and Pine Nuts has 494.0 calories. Baked Butternut Squash with Tomatoes and Pine Nuts has 11.0 grams of protein. Baked Butternut Squash with Tomatoes and Pine Nuts has 28.0 grams of fat. Baked Butternut Squash with Tomatoes and Pine Nuts has 290.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Butternut Squash with Tomatoes and Pine Nuts are 1 large butternut squash (3 1/2 pounds), 1/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup water, 2 medium onions, halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced crosswise, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 (14 1/2- to 15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, including juice, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano or 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice, 1/4 pound crumbled feta (scant 1/4 cup), 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted, Accompaniment: extra-virgin olive oil. Tomato Side Bake Thanksgiving Vegetarian Feta Pine Nut Butternut Squash Fall Gourmet Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.