Baked Falafel With Orange-Tahini Sauce recipe.  Preheat oven to 375°F. Thinly slice one-third of onion. Toss slices with 1/4 cup orange juice, 1/4 cup vinegar, and 1/2 tsp. salt in a small bowl; set aside. Pulse chickpeas, garlic, coriander, cumin, 3/4 cup parsley, 1 tsp. salt, and remanining onion in a food processor until very coarsely chopped, about 30 seconds. Add flour and baking powder and pulse a few more times to combine. Lightly oil a rimmed baking sheet. Using a 1/4-cup measuring cup, portion out 12 ping pong-sized balls and place on sheet, spacing 1" apart. Gently press down on tops to flatten slightly. Brush tops with 1 Tbsp. oil. Bake falafel, turning balls halfway through, until golden brown and crispy, 20–25 minutes. Wrap pitas in foil and warm in oven during last 5 minutes of baking. Meanwhile, whisk 1/4 cup oil and remaining 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon orange juice, 2 tsp. vinegar, and 1 tsp. salt in a medium bowl. Whisk in tahini and 1/4 cup water until a smooth sauce forms. Whisk 2 Tbsp. pickling liquid from reserved onions with remaining 3 Tbsp. oil in another medium bowl. Add cabbage, tomatoes, and onions and toss to coat. Cut each pita into 4 pieces. Drizzle falafel with 2 Tbsp. tahini sauce and top with remaining 1/4 cup parsley. Serve with pita, hummus, salad, and remaining tahini sauce alongside. Falafel can be made 5 days ahead; store in an airtight container and chill, or freeze up to 1 month. Baked Falafel With Orange-Tahini Sauce has 870.0 calories. Baked Falafel With Orange-Tahini Sauce has 26.0 grams of protein. Baked Falafel With Orange-Tahini Sauce has 51.0 grams of fat. Baked Falafel With Orange-Tahini Sauce has 1989.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Falafel With Orange-Tahini Sauce are 1 small red onion, 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, divided, 1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons distilled white vinegar, divided, 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 2 (15-ounce) cans chickpeas, drained, rinsed, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup chopped parsley, divided, 5 tablespoons chickpea flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, divided, plus more for pan, 4 pita breads, 1/2 cup tahini, 2 cups shredded green cabbage, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, Homemade or store-bought hummus (for serving).This weeknight falafel dinner brings the Middle Eastern platter home with a tangy, orange-spiked tahini sauce, bright quick-pickled red onions, and an easy green cabbage and tomato salad. Serve it with prepared hummus and pita for a more filling meal.  Vegetarian Vegan Wheat Gluten-Free Dinner Chickpea Coriander Cumin Orange Juice Bake No Meat, No Problem.