Baked Apples with Cranberries, Raisins, and Apricots recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Remove stems from apples.Using melon baller, scoop out core of each apple, making 1-inch-wide hollow center but leaving bottom of apple intact. Make 1/8-inch-deep cut in skin around center of each apple. Arrange apples, hollowed side up, in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Mix raisins, cranberries, sugar, apricots, and 1/2 teaspoon allspice in small bowl. Pack fruit mixture into hollows of apples. Sprinkle any remaining fruit mixture around apples in dish. Drizzle butter into filling and around apples in dish. Pour sparkling juice and cranberry concentrate into dish. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 teaspoon allspice into dish. Bake apples uncovered until tender, occasionally basting with cranberry juice mixture, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Transfer apples to 4 bowls. Pour juices from dish into medium saucepan and boil until thick enough to coat spoon, about 4 minutes. Spoon sauce over apples. Baked Apples with Cranberries, Raisins, and Apricots has 469.0 calories. Baked Apples with Cranberries, Raisins, and Apricots has 2.0 grams of protein. Baked Apples with Cranberries, Raisins, and Apricots has 12.0 grams of fat. Baked Apples with Cranberries, Raisins, and Apricots has 16.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Apples with Cranberries, Raisins, and Apricots are 4 large Golden Delicious apples, 1/2 cup golden raisins, 1/2 cup dried cranberries, 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/4 cup chopped dried apricots, 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice, divided, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups sparkling apple-cranberry juice, 1/4 cup frozen concentrated cranberry juice cocktail, thawed.Lauren Beal of San Rafael, California, writes: "When it comes to making dinner, my husband, Stuart, and I have the perfect system. He's in charge of our backyard garden, and I'm in charge of cooking with what he harvests—things like basil, onions, lemons, and even apples. It's our favorite way to create a meal together.".  Fruit Dessert Bake Low Fat Quick & Easy Cranberry Raisin Apple Apricot Fall Winter Healthy Bon Appétit California Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.