Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing recipe. Preheat the oven to 425°F/220°C. Put the pumpkin in a roasting pan with the onion and sage. Season and pour over the olive oil. Cook for around 30 minutes, or until the pumpkin is tender. While the pumpkin is cooking, make your dressing. In a small frying pan on a medium heat, toast the cumin seeds. This should only take a minute, and you will know it's ready when the dusk of the cumin is wafting round your kitchen. Cool for a minute, then squeeze the lemon juice into the pan and add the olive oil. Put this into a pitcher or something and leave to the side, stirring in the crème fraîche just before serving. Now, the greens. In a big frying pan, heat the olive oil and garlic. Throw in the greens and cook until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Take the pumpkin out of the oven. Put the greens on a plate, top with the pumpkin, and cover with the dressing. Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing has 249.0 calories. Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing has 4.0 grams of protein. Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing has 18.0 grams of fat. Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing has 646.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Pumpkin with Lemon, Sautéed Greens, and Toasted Cumin Dressing are 2 pounds/1 kg pumpkin, seeded and chopped into coarse slices, 1 large red onion, peeled and coarsely sliced, A few fresh sage leaves, coarsely torn, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds or ground cumin, Juice of 1/2 lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon crème fraîche or sour cream, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, peeled and finely chopped, A handful of Swiss chard, A handful of curly kale.This is perfect to serve with some quinoa or wild rice as a main to a non-meat eater, or as a side with some roast chicken for the carnivorous. It's also good served warm the following day with a little grilled tofu added.  Leafy Green Side Bake Vegetarian Kale Squash Pumpkin Fall Winter Chard Lemon Juice Cumin Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.