Baked Sweet Potatoes Stuffed with Cranberries, Pears, and Pecans recipe.  Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line baking sheet with foil. Pierce potatoes in several places with fork; place on prepared baking sheet. Bake until potatoes are tender when pierced with fork, about 55 minutes. Cool slightly. Meanwhile, place cranberries in small bowl; pour enough hot water over to cover. Let stand 5 minutes to soften. Drain well. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pears and sauté until tender and golden, about 4 minutes. Stir in cranberries, pecans, ginger, and brown sugar; sauté 1 minute. Mix in 2 teaspoons vinegar and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cut off top 1/4 of each potato lengthwise; discard tops. Using fork, gently mash pulp inside each potato. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in small saucepan over low heat. Whisk in remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons vinegar. Drizzle about 1 teaspoon butter-vinegar mixture into each potato; mix with fork to blend. Mound cranberry mixture in sweet potatoes. Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover loosely with plastic wrap; let stand at room temperature. Rewarm sweet potatoes uncovered in 350°F oven until heated through, about 20 minutes.) Baked Sweet Potatoes Stuffed with Cranberries, Pears, and Pecans has 486.0 calories. Baked Sweet Potatoes Stuffed with Cranberries, Pears, and Pecans has 5.0 grams of protein. Baked Sweet Potatoes Stuffed with Cranberries, Pears, and Pecans has 16.0 grams of fat. Baked Sweet Potatoes Stuffed with Cranberries, Pears, and Pecans has 169.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Sweet Potatoes Stuffed with Cranberries, Pears, and Pecans are 8 8-ounce red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), scrubbed, 1 cup dried cranberries, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, 2 large firm but ripe pears, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup pecans, coarsely chopped, 4 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 4 teaspoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 2 teaspoons plus 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt.Assemble these four hours ahead, and rewarm them 20 minutes before serving.  Fruit Nut Potato Side Bake Sauté Thanksgiving Cranberry Pear Pecan Sweet Potato Yam Fall Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.