Baked Mashed Potatoes and Yams with Garlic and Parmesan recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Place garlic in small ovenproof cup or ramekin. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil over. Bake until garlic is very soft, about 25 minutes. Cool; peel garlic, reserving oil in cup. Brush 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil. Cook all potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 25 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Return all potatoes to same pot. Add milk, butter, rosemary, roasted garlic and reserved oil to potatoes. Mash until smooth and fluffy, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to thin to desired consistency. Mix in 3 tablespoons cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon potatoes into prepared dish. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons cheese over; drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover; let stand at room temperature). Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake potatoes uncovered until heated through and golden on top, about 45 minutes. Baked Mashed Potatoes and Yams with Garlic and Parmesan has 381.0 calories. Baked Mashed Potatoes and Yams with Garlic and Parmesan has 10.0 grams of protein. Baked Mashed Potatoes and Yams with Garlic and Parmesan has 16.0 grams of fat. Baked Mashed Potatoes and Yams with Garlic and Parmesan has 220.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Baked Mashed Potatoes and Yams with Garlic and Parmesan are 8 large garlic cloves, unpeeled, 3 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 2-inch pieces, 1 1/4 pounds yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes), cut into 2-inch pieces, 1/2 cup milk, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1 generous teaspoon minced fresh rosemary or 1/2 teaspoon dried, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese.Yams are blended with regular russets in a nice rendition of mashed potatoes. If you decide to double the recipe, use a 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish.  Garlic Potato Side Bake Roast Thanksgiving Vegetarian Parmesan Rosemary Sweet Potato Yam Bon Appétit.