Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Butter a 9-inch square cake pan. Stir together flour, baking soda, and salt. Beat together softened butter 1 stick) and 3/4 cup sugar in a medium bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until pale and fluffy, then beat in eggs 1 at a time until blended. Beat in bananas, yogurt, and vanilla mixture will look curdled). With mixer at low speed, add flour mixture and mix until just incorporated. Toss together chocolate, nuts, cinnamon, melted butter, and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in a small bowl. Spread half of banana batter in cake pan and sprinkle with half of chocolate mixture. Spread remaining batter evenly over filling and sprinkle remaining chocolate mixture on top. Bake until cake is golden and a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool cake in pan on a rack 30 minutes, then turn out onto rack and cool completely, right side up. Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake has 538.0 calories. Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake has 8.0 grams of protein. Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake has 28.0 grams of fat. Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake has 335.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Banana Chocolate Walnut Cake are 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus 2 tablespoons, melted and cooled, 1 cup sugar, divided, 2 large eggs, 1 1/4 cups mashed very ripe bananas (about 3 medium), 2/3 cup plain whole-milk yogurt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 (3 1/2- to 4-ounce) bar 70%-cacao bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup walnuts (3 ounces), toasted , cooled, and coarsely chopped, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon.A great way to use very ripe bananas, this easy-to-make cake incorporates everything you love about banana bread and adds a few more favorites—chocolate, walnuts, and cinnamon—for good measure. (It's also much more tender, with a light, moist crumb.).  Cake Mixer Chocolate Nut Dessert Bake Vegetarian Yogurt Banana Walnut Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.