Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche recipe.  Bring lemon, pineapple, sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until pineapple and lemon are soft, 35-45 minutes. Let cool completely. Whisk crème fraîche and sugar in a medium bowl until thickened, about 2 minutes. Preheat oven to 200°F. Whisk flour, salt, eggs, milk, 4 Tbsp. butter, and 1 cup water in a medium bowl. Heat 1/2 tablespoons butter in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and swirl to coat pan. Pour 1/4 cup batter into pan and place 5-6 banana slices on top. Cook pancake until bottom is golden brown and top looks almost dry, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until pancake is just set and bananas are golden brown, 1 minute longer. Transfer to a baking sheet; cover loosely with foil and place in oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining butter, batter, and banana slices, transferring to oven as you work. Serve pancakes with pineapple marmalade and whipped crème fraîche. DO AHEAD: Marmalade can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cover and chill. Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche has 523.0 calories. Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche has 8.0 grams of protein. Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche has 26.0 grams of fat. Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche has 300.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Banana Pancakes with Pineapple and Crème Fraîche are 1/2 lemon, thinly sliced, seeds removed, 3 cups finely chopped pineapple (from about 1 medium pineapple), 1 cup sugar, 1 cup crème fraîche, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 2 cups whole milk, 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, 4 ripe bananas, peeled, sliced 1/4" thick.Chef Kenney often makes these crepe-like pancakes for his family on the weekend. He couldn't resist including them in this menu as a shout-out to Jack Johnson's 2005 song "Banana Pancakes.".  Dairy Breakfast Brunch Dessert Kid-Friendly Tropical Fruit Banana Pineapple Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.