Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket recipe.  Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Transfer 1 tablespoon dry rub to another small bowl and reserve for mop. Spread remaining dry rub all over brisket. Cover with plastic; chill overnight. Mix first 6 ingredients plus reserved dry rub in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat 5 minutes. Pour 1/2 cup mop into bowl; cover and chill for use in sauce. Cover and chill remaining mop. Following manufacturer's instructions and using natural lump charcoal, start fire in smoker. When charcoal is ash gray, drain 1/2 cup wood chips and scatter over charcoal. Bring smoker to 200°F. to 225°F., regulating temperature by opening vents wider to increase temperature and closing slightly to reduce temperature. Place brisket, fat side up, on rack in smoker. Cover; cook until tender when pierced with fork and meat thermometer inserted into center registers 185°F., about 10 hours turn brisket over for last 30 minutes). Every 1 1/2 to 2 hours, add enough charcoal to maintain single layer and to maintain 200°F. to 225°F. temperature; add 1/2 cup drained wood chips. Brush brisket with chilled mop in pan each time smoker is opened. Transfer brisket to platter; let stand 15 minutes. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool 1 hour. Wrap in foil; chill. Before continuing, rewarm brisket, still wrapped, in 350°F. oven about 45 minutes.) Combine barbecue sauce and chili powder in heavy small saucepan. Add any accumulated juices from brisket and bring to boil, thinning sauce with some of reserved 1/2 cup mop, if desired. Thinly slice brisket across grain. Serve, passing sauce separately. Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket has 968.0 calories. Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket has 55.0 grams of protein. Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket has 73.0 grams of fat. Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket has 1945.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Barbecued Texas Beef Brisket are 1/2 cup paprika, 3 tablespoons ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 7 1/2- to 8-pound untrimmed whole beef brisket, 12 ounces beer, 1/2 cup cider vinegar, 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons minced jalapeño chilies, 5 pounds (about) 100% natural lump charcoal, 4 cups (about) oak or hickory wood smoke chips, soaked in cold water at least 30 minutes, 1 cup purchased barbecue sauce (such as Bull's-Eye), 1 tablespoon chili powder.Texans like their barbecue spicy, in the tradition of the Southwest, which is chili pepper country. For this recipe, you'll need to order a U.S.D.A. "choice" grade, packer-trimmed brisket: That's a brisket with none of the fat cut off. Before being cooked, the meat is seasoned with a dry rub; during cooking, it is brushed regularly with a beer-based mop. You'll need to use a smoker for the brisket (a converted barbecue won’t maintain the very low heat required), and to get the most authentic Texas flavor, seek out the natural lump charcoal specified in the recipe; it's available at barbecue stores, some natural foods stores and some supermarkets.  Beef Summer Chill Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.