Bavarian Cream with Raspberry Coulis recipe.  Chill a metal bowl and the whisk attachment of an electric mixer in the freezer for a few minutes. Then whip the cream until it stands in soft peaks. Chill until needed. Soak the gelatin in 2/3 cup cold water for 10 minutes. Beat the egg yolks with the confectioners' sugar in a large metal bowl until they are pale yellow and have a thick, creamy consistency. Bring the milk and the vanilla seeds to a boil in a saucepan, stirring occasionally to make sure the milk does not scorch at the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat and slowly pour the milk into the egg yolks, stirring constantly. Transfer the mixture to a double boiler, or place the metal bowl over a pot of gently boiling water. Continue stirring until the mixture coats a wooden spoon. Gradually stir in the dissolved gelatin and place the bowl over a large bowl of ice water. Make sure that the mixture is lump-free. If you discover any lumps, quickly strain the cream through a fine sieve. Continue stirring vigorously until the cream starts to cool and stiffen. This is the time to fold in the whipped cream. Immediately pour the Bavarian cream into a large glass serving bowl or individual serving dishes and chill for several hours until set. Cook the raspberries and confections' sugar over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, stirrig occasionally. Strain through a fine sieve to remove any seeds and chill. Take the Bavarian cream and the coulis out of the refrigerator 30 minutes before serving so they can develop their full flavor. Top each serving of Bavarian cream with a few spoonfuls of coulis. Bavarian Cream with Raspberry Coulis has 256.0 calories. Bavarian Cream with Raspberry Coulis has 6.0 grams of protein. Bavarian Cream with Raspberry Coulis has 11.0 grams of fat. Bavarian Cream with Raspberry Coulis has 42.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bavarian Cream with Raspberry Coulis are 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, 3 (1/4 ounce) envelopes unflavored gelatin, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, 2 cups milk, Seeds from 2 vanilla beans, or 2 tablespoons pure vanilla paste, 1 1/2 pints fresh raspberries, or 2 (12-ounce) packages frozen raspberries, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar.Bavarian cream is as famous as its origin is mysterious. It might have been invented by French cooks at the court of the Wittelsbacher, the powerful dynasty that ruled Bavaria for more than seven centuries until the last Bavarian king abdicated in 1918. Or possibly, it was first made by Isabeau de Bavière, daughter of a Bavarian duke who married King Charles VI of France in 1385. Whichever version you prefer, one thing is clear: Bavarian cream is deeply entrenched in history and a royal treat in the true sense of the word.  Milk Cream Mixer Egg Fruit Dessert Vegetarian Wheat Gluten-Free Raspberry Vanilla Oktoberfest Chill Simmer Double Boiler Kidney Friendly Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.