Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad recipe. Preheat oven to 300°F. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add onions and sauté until almost soft, about 5 minutes. Add barbecue sauce and 2 tablespoons water. Stir until onions are evenly coated, about 2 minutes. Place 4 tortillas on work surface. Sprinkle 1/4 of cheese, then 1/4 of cilantro and 1/4 of onions on each tortilla. Top each with second tortilla and press to adhere. Brush skillet with 1 teaspoon oil; heat over medium-high heat. Add 1 quesadilla; cook until cheese is melted, about 2 minutes per side. Place on baking sheet in oven. Repeat with remaining quesadillas. Cut each quesadilla into quarters; arrange 4 quarters on each plate. Toss pea shoots in medium bowl with 5 teaspoons oil, hot sauce, and pinch of salt. Serve salad with quesadillas. Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad has 763.0 calories. Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad has 24.0 grams of protein. Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad has 44.0 grams of fat. Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad has 1486.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bbq Onion and Smoked Gouda Quesadillas with Pea Shoot Mini Salad are 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 pound onions, peeled, halved, thinly sliced, 1/3 cup purchased barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons water, 8 8-inch-diameter flour tortillas, 8 ounces coarsely grated smoked Gouda cheese (about 2 cups packed), 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 ounces pea shoots or pea sprouts or 1 small bunch trimmed watercress, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce.You can find crisp, delicate pea shoots in the spring at farmers' markets, Asian markets, and some specialty foods stores.  Leafy Green Onion Bake Sauté Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy High Fiber Kentucky Derby Back to School Dinner Lunch Gouda Summer Poker Game Night Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.