Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage recipe.  Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add sausage and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add onion and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Add wine and cook, scraping up browned bits from bottom of pot and stirring occasionally, until wine is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add Parmesan rind, if using, chiles, thyme, bay leaf, broth, tomatoes, and beans. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover, and simmer gently, stirring occasionally and adding water as needed to keep beans submerged, until beans are tender, 1-1 1/2 hours. Mix in kale and lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. Serve beans drizzled with oil. DO AHEAD: Beans can be cooked 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage has 316.0 calories. Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage has 9.0 grams of protein. Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage has 15.0 grams of fat. Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage has 267.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beans with Kale and Portuguese Sausage are 1/4 cup olive oil plus more for drizzling, 8 ounces Portuguese sausage (such as linguiça) or kielbasa sausage, sliced 1/2" thick, 1/2 medium onion, sliced, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 small piece Parmesan rind (optional), 2 chiles de árbol or 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 sprig thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth, 1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 1/2 cups dried cranberry, navy, or cannellini (white kidney) beans (about 10 ounces), soaked overnight, drained, 4 cups baby kale or baby mustard greens, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice.Keep a resealable bag of leftover Parmesan rinds in the freezer for recipes like this; they add great depth to tomato sauces and vegetable-centric soups, too.  Bean Side High Fiber Dinner Sausage Kale Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.