Beef Stroganoff with Tomatoes recipe. Sprinkle meat with thyme and salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large deep skillet over high heat. Add 1/3 of meat and stir just until meat is no longer pink, about 1 1/2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer meat to medium bowl. Repeat with remaining meat in 2 batches. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet. Add onion and sauté over medium-high heat until brown, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer onion to bowl with meat. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet, then mushrooms and garlic. Cover and cook until mushrooms are tender, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Uncover and cook until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle mushrooms with 2 tablespoons flour; stir 1 minute. Return meat and onions with accumulated juices to skillet. Add tomatoes, broth, and cayenne; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer uncovered until meat is tender, about 5 minutes. Serve beef-mushroom mixture over egg noodles. Sprinkle with parsley. Beef Stroganoff with Tomatoes has 375.0 calories. Beef Stroganoff with Tomatoes has 27.0 grams of protein. Beef Stroganoff with Tomatoes has 26.0 grams of fat. Beef Stroganoff with Tomatoes has 110.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beef Stroganoff with Tomatoes are 1 1 1/2-pound top sirloin steak, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound mushrooms, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, drained, 1/2 cup beef broth, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, Egg noodles, freshly cooked, Chopped fresh parsley.Shullie Neumark of Rancho Palos Verdes, California, writes: "I like cooking but I'm a little bit impatient, which is why I make dishes that can be done ahead of time — and quickly. I hate being rushed before meals, especially when guests are on their way over. Those guests are usually good friends or members of our large family. Often I'll prepare some of the Russian and Lithuanian recipes passed down from my relatives.".  Beef Mushroom Onion Pasta Tomato Sauté Winter Bon Appétit California.