Beef Empañadas recipe.  Cut each egg crosswise into 10 thin slices. Cook onion in olive oil in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat, stirring frequently, until softened. Add garlic, cumin, and oregano and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in beef and cook, breaking up lumps with a fork, until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Add raisins, olives, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and tomatoes with reserved juice, then cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced but mixture is still moist, about 5 minutes. Spread on a plate to cool. Preheat oven to 200°F with rack in middle. Lay a large sheet of plastic wrap on a dampened work surface to help keep plastic in place), then roll out an empanada disk on plastic wrap to measure about 6 inches. Place 3 tablespoons meat mixture on disk and top with 2 slices of egg. Moisten edges of disk with water and fold over to form a semicircle, then crimp with a fork. Make more empanadas in same manner. Heat 3/4 inch vegetable oil in a deep 12-inch skillet over medium heat until it registers 360°F on thermometer. Fry empanadas, 2 or 3 at a time, turning once, until crisp and golden, 4 to 6 minutes per batch. Transfer to a shallow baking pan and keep warm in oven. Return oil to 360°F between batches. Beef Empañadas has 1003.0 calories. Beef Empañadas has 11.0 grams of protein. Beef Empañadas has 102.0 grams of fat. Beef Empañadas has 158.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beef Empañadas are 2 hard-boiled large eggs, 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, 3/4 pound ground beef chuck, 2 tablespoons raisins, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped pimiento-stuffed olives, 1 (14-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, drained, reserving 2 tablespoons juice, and chopped, 1 package frozen empanada pastry disks, thawed, About 4 cups vegetable oil, a deep-fat thermometer.The exquisitely fragrant beefy filling in our take on these classic Central and South American pastries draws on a number of influences—Chilean, Puerto Rican, and Argentinean. Traditionally eaten as street food, empanadas are ideal for snacking on the go but are just as satisfying to sit down to for a simple dinner.  Beef Egg Olive Tomato Vegetable Fry Quick & Easy Dinner Lunch Meat Gourmet Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.