Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Chili Sauce recipe. Place both chilies and plum tomato in heavy medium skillet. Toast over medium-high heat until chilies are fragrant and deepen in color and tomato turns black in spots, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Cool. Stem, seed and tear chilies into small pieces. Chop tomato. Place chilies, tomato and 1 cup water in small saucepan. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until chilies are tender, about 10 minutes. Puree chili mixture in blender until smooth. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and sauté 1 minute. Add 1 cup chicken stock and beef stock, then wine; boil until reduced to 1 cup, about 15 minutes. Stir in chili puree, butter and rosemary; simmer 1 minute. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper. Add steaks to skillet and cook to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Bring sauce to simmer, thinning with more chicken stock if necessary. Place 1 steak on each of 4 plates. Top each with 1/4 cup sauce. Serve, passing remaining sauce separately. *Available at Latin American markets, specialty foods stores and some supermarkets. Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Chili Sauce has 708.0 calories. Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Chili Sauce has 38.0 grams of protein. Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Chili Sauce has 52.0 grams of fat. Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Chili Sauce has 340.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Chili Sauce are 1 large dried ancho chili*, 1/2 dried New Mexico chili*, 1 large plum tomato, 1 cup water, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup (or more) chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup beef stock or canned beef broth, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 4 6- to 7-ounce beef tenderloin steaks (about 1 inch thick).Steaks at Tequila restaurant are offered with sautéed chard and roasted red potatoes.  Beef Pepper Vegetable Sauté Low Carb Dinner Beef Tenderloin Steak Hot Pepper Fall Spring Summer Winter Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.