Beef and Andouille Burgers with Asiago Cheese recipe. Finely chop sun-dried tomatoes in processor. Blend in mayonnaise and mustard. Transfer to small bowl. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Finely chop andouille sausages in processor. Transfer to large bowl. Add beef, shallots, salt, pepper, and crushed fennel seeds. Stir with fork just until blended. Form mixture into six 1-inch-thick patties. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Grill hamburger buns until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to platter. Brush onion slices with oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until golden, about 7 minutes per side. Grill hamburgers to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Sprinkle cheese over top of burgers. Spread cut sides of hamburger buns with sun-dried-tomato mayonnaise. Top bottom halves of buns with hamburgers, then red peppers. Top with onion slices. Cover with top halves of buns and serve. *Smoked pork-and-beef sausages, sold at specialty foods stores and supermarkets. Kielbasa can be substituted. Beef and Andouille Burgers with Asiago Cheese has 1097.0 calories. Beef and Andouille Burgers with Asiago Cheese has 52.0 grams of protein. Beef and Andouille Burgers with Asiago Cheese has 77.0 grams of fat. Beef and Andouille Burgers with Asiago Cheese has 1917.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beef and Andouille Burgers with Asiago Cheese are 4 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon whole-grain Dijon mustard, 8 ounces andouille sausages,* cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 1/2 pounds ground beef (15% fat), 2 large shallots, minced, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed, 6 large sesame-seed hamburger buns, 6 1/3-inch-thick slices red onion, Olive oil, 1 cup coarsely grated Asiago cheese**, 1 7- to 7 1/2-ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained.Made with spicy sausages and smoky grilled onion, these are not your standard burgers.  Beef Cheese Onion Pepper Summer Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.