Beef Short Ribs with Red Chili Sauce recipe. Cut 1 head of garlic crosswise in half. Place in large pot with ribs, 3 quarts water, and quartered onion. Bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer uncovered until meat is cooked through, about 50 minutes. Strain, reserving 6 cups meat broth discard onions and garlic). Reserve ribs. Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap remaining head of garlic tightly in foil and place directly on oven rack. Place tomatoes and sliced onion on rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast garlic, tomatoes, and onion until tender, about 1 hour. Transfer tomatoes and onion to processor. Using fingers, squeeze garlic from papery skin into processor. Blend until smooth. Set tomato sauce aside. Place guajillo and ancho chilies in medium bowl. Add 4 cups reserved meat broth. Let stand 30 minutes. Transfer mixture to processor and blend until smooth. Strain chili sauce into medium bowl, pressing on solids in strainer with rubber spatula to extract as much liquid as possible. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add chili sauce; simmer 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce, cumin, oregano, and cloves. Simmer 5 minutes. Add ribs, vinegar, and remaining 2 cups meat broth. Bring to simmer. Reduce heat to low and simmer uncovered until sauce is thick, about 50 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium-high heat until hot.) Serve ribs with sauce. Available at Latin American markets and some supermarkets. Beef Short Ribs with Red Chili Sauce has 2378.0 calories. Beef Short Ribs with Red Chili Sauce has 87.0 grams of protein. Beef Short Ribs with Red Chili Sauce has 201.0 grams of fat. Beef Short Ribs with Red Chili Sauce has 341.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beef Short Ribs with Red Chili Sauce are 2 heads of garlic, 4 1/2 pounds beef short ribs, 3 quarts water, 1 white onion, quartered, 3 tomatoes (about 12 ounces), halved, 1/2 large white onion, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 16 dried guajillo chilies* (about 2 ounces), stemmed, halved, seeded, 3 large dried ancho chilies* (about 2 ounces), stemmed, halved, seeded, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, Pinch of ground cloves, 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar.A nice side would be polenta or mashed potatoes.  Beef Garlic Onion Pepper Tomato Roast Winter Bon Appétit.