Beef and Potato Pasties recipe. Mix 2 1/2 cups flour and 1 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Cut 10 Tbsp. butter into cubes it doesn't have to be particularly cold, just firm enough to cut into pieces). Work butter into flour with your fingertips until mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Pour 3/4 cup boiling water over and mix with a wooden spoon. Knead with your hands until dough just starts to form. Turn out onto a clean work surface and knead until dough forms, about 20 seconds; roll into a ball. Divide into 4 portions, shape into rounds, and chill until ready to use. Preheat oven to 375°F. Mix beef, potato, onion, pepper, and 1 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Roll out each round to a 9"-diameter circle on a lightly floured work surface. Arrange a heaping 3/4 cup filling over 1 half of each circle, leaving a 1" border between filling and edge of circle. Cut remaining 1/2 Tbsp. butter into 4 pieces; place on each mound of filling. Pull bottom half of dough over filling; crimp with your fingers to seal. Alternately, use a fork to seal.) Beat egg and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Using a pastry brush, brush each pasty with egg wash. Cut a couple small slits in top of pasty. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown and bubbling, 45–60 minutes. Serve with butter and ketchup, if desired. Beef and Potato Pasties has 356.0 calories. Beef and Potato Pasties has 24.0 grams of protein. Beef and Potato Pasties has 21.0 grams of fat. Beef and Potato Pasties has 241.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beef and Potato Pasties are 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more, 10 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, plus more for serving, 3/4 pound boneless chuck steak, cut into 1/2" cubes, 1 medium russet potato, peeled, cut into 1/2" cubes (about 1 1/2 cups), 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1 cup), 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, Ketchup (for serving; optional).The Cornish pasty, a meat-filled hand pie (rhymes with "nasty," not "hasty"), was brought to northern Michigan by English immigrants, who ate it for lunch as they worked in the mines. For good reason—it's portable, fortifying food with straightforward flavor. A pasty-eating tradition remains in the region; they're nowadays typically served with butter and ketchup.  Pastry Beef Potato Michigan Bake.