Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage recipe.  Place pork in a large resealable plastic bag. Whisk lager, soy sauce, brown sugar, and 1 tablespoon vinegar in a small bowl; pour into bag with pork and seal. Chill, turning occasionally, for at least 4 and up to 24 hours. Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Remove pork from marinade, allowing any excess to drip off reserve marinade). Cook pork, turning, until browned on all sides, 8-10 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of pork registers 140°F, 10-15 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let rest for at least 10 minutes. Pour reserved marinade into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until slightly thickened, 5-8 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in another large skillet over medium heat. Add cabbage, apple, bay leaves, and 1 cup water; season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing occasionally, until cabbage is softened, 15-20 minutes. Add remaining 1 teaspoon vinegar and toss to combine. Slice pork and serve with cabbage mixture and sauce. Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage has 452.0 calories. Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage has 41.0 grams of protein. Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage has 23.0 grams of fat. Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage has 701.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beer-Marinated Pork Tenderloin with Red Cabbage are 2 pork tenderloins (1 1/2-1 3/4 pounds total), 1/4 cup lager, 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons (packed) brown sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, divided, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/2 medium red cabbage, cored, cut into 1/2" strips, 1 apple, peeled, cored, chopped, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper.You need only a small amount of beer to flavor the sauce. We trust you know what to do with the rest of that bottle.  Beer Pork Roast Dinner Pork Tenderloin Winter Cabbage Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.