Beer-Marinated Flank Steak with Aji and Guacamole recipe.  Using sharp knife, lightly score flank steaks about 1/8 inch deep on both sides in a crisscross pattern at 1/2-inch intervals. Place steaks in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle steaks on both sides with oregano and cumin and generous amount of coarse salt and freshly ground pepper. Drizzle olive oil over both sides of steaks, rubbing oil and spices into meat. Add green onions, beer, and Worcestershire sauce, turning steaks several times to coat both sides. Cover and chill at least 3 hours, turning occasionally. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Brush grill rack lightly with oil. Grill steaks to desired doneness, 3 to 4 minutes total per side for medium-rare, turning steaks 1/4 turn after 1 1/2 minutes to form crisscross grill marks, if desired. Transfer steaks to cutting board; let rest 5 minutes. Thinly slice steaks across grain. Transfer to platter and serve with Aji Sauce and Colombian Guacamole. Beer-Marinated Flank Steak with Aji and Guacamole has 498.0 calories. Beer-Marinated Flank Steak with Aji and Guacamole has 44.0 grams of protein. Beer-Marinated Flank Steak with Aji and Guacamole has 26.0 grams of fat. Beer-Marinated Flank Steak with Aji and Guacamole has 373.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beer-Marinated Flank Steak with Aji and Guacamole are 2 1 1/3-pound flank steaks, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Coarse kosher salt, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 11/4 cups thinly sliced green onions (about 6), 1 12-ounce bottle dark beer, 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce, Aji Sauce, Colombian Guacamole.Colombia may be the best kept barbecue secret in South America. Sure, Argentina gets the attention for its cowboy-style asado. And Brazil has enjoyed spectacular success exporting its rodizio-style restaurants—the kind where the waiters parade spits of grilled meats through the dining room. But Colombia? I doubt that most North Americans could name a single Colombian grilled dish. Well, it's time to shine the spotlight on the only country in South America to have coasts on both the Atlantic and the Pacific, whose cool-weather ranching district produces well-marbled, full-flavored beef, whose grill masters make extensive use of marinades (unlike the simplicity prized by their Argentine counterparts), and whose mastery of the art of grilling on charcoal extends to some unique techniques. Here's a not-so simple flank steak redolent of cumin, green onions, and beer.  Beer Onion Low Cal High Fiber Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Steak Avocado Grill Grill Barbecue Healthy Bon Appétit.