Beer-Marinated Tri-Tip with Blue Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, and Onions recipe.  Combine first 5 ingredients in large heavy-duty resealable plastic bag; shake to blend and seal. Chill overnight. Place mushrooms and onions on rimmed baking sheet. Whisk oil, garlic, and vinegar in small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Brush vegetables with some dressing. Spray grill rack with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Grill mushrooms and onions until tender and lightly browned, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes. Return vegetables to same baking sheet; cut into 1/2-inch-thick strips. Boil all broth in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until reduced to 1 cup, about 12 minutes. Add cream, mushrooms, and onions. Boil until sauce coats vegetables, tossing occasionally, about 6 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Drain marinade from beef into medium saucepan; boil 2 minutes. Cook beef over hottest part of grill until brown, about 5 minutes per side. Move beef to coolest part of grill; cover and cook until thermometer inserted into center registers 135°F for medium-rare, turning occasionally and basting with marinade, about 30 minutes. Transfer to cutting board; let rest 10 minutes. Rewarm mushroom sauce. Thinly slice beef across grain. Overlap slices on platter. Spoon some sauce over; sprinkle with cheese and fresh herbs. *A thick pomegranate syrup; sold at some supermarkets and Middle Eastern markets, and at adrianascaravan.com. Beer-Marinated Tri-Tip with Blue Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, and Onions has 1208.0 calories. Beer-Marinated Tri-Tip with Blue Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, and Onions has 71.0 grams of protein. Beer-Marinated Tri-Tip with Blue Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, and Onions has 80.0 grams of fat. Beer-Marinated Tri-Tip with Blue Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, and Onions has 726.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beer-Marinated Tri-Tip with Blue Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, and Onions are 1 12-ounce bottle of beer, 1/3 cup pomegranate molasses*, 4 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper, 1 2 1/4-pound tri-tip beef roast, trimmed, 2 large portobello mushrooms, stemmed, dark gills scraped out, 8 ounces large fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, 6 ounces oyster mushrooms, 1 12-ounce onion, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds, 1/4 cup olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup beef broth, 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs.Ted Reader likes to marinate the roast in a coffee porter (a dark beer that's flavored with coffee or with dark malts and highly roasted barley) or a similar beer with body, such as Guinness or a honey brown lager. What to drink: Wyndham Estate 2003 Shiraz, Bin 555, South Eastern Australia ($10).  Beef Mushroom Onion Marinate Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Blue Cheese Summer Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.