Beets with Balsamic Vinegar recipe.  Preheat the oven to 350°F. Trim the beets, leaving on the skin, an inch of the stem, and the wispy "tail" on the bottom of each, then scrub and drain. Place the beets in a small casserole dish just big enough to hold them. Pour the water and canola oil over the beets then cover tightly with a lid or aluminum foil and bake until tender and easily pierced with a sharp paring knife, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove the casserole from the oven and uncover the beets, keeping your face averted from the escaping steam. Allow the beets to cool completely in the casserole. Meanwhile, combine the vinegar, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the salt, and pepper in a medium-size bowl and whisk to blend. Taste and add more olive oil, if desired. Peel the cooled beets with the back of a paring knife and cut into 3/8-inch slices. Add to the dressing in the bowl and toss gently but thoroughly to coat. Serve immediately or marinate, in the refrigerator, for up to 24 hours. Beets with Balsamic Vinegar has 329.0 calories. Beets with Balsamic Vinegar has 4.0 grams of protein. Beets with Balsamic Vinegar has 24.0 grams of fat. Beets with Balsamic Vinegar has 661.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beets with Balsamic Vinegar are 8 medium beets (about 2 pounds total), 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup canola or other vegetable oil, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, to taste, 1 teaspoon coarse (kosher) salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste.The faint sweetness and low acidity of balsamic vinegar is a perfect foil for the earthy taste of beets. For the recipe, there's no need to invest in an expensive real balsamic vinegar (labeled "tradizionale"); a decent mass-produced commercial brand works just fine. Baking, rather than boiling, the beets brings out their robust flavor.  Roast Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Dinner Lunch Beet Potluck Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.