Beet and Carrot Salad with Coriander and Sesame Salt recipe.  Whisk shallot, vinegar, orange juice, miso, ginger, and orange peel in medium bowl. Let stand 10 minutes to allow flavors to blend. Gradually whisk in oil. Toast coriander seeds in small skillet over medium heat until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Cool. Transfer to spice mill; process until coarsely ground. Add sesame seeds to same skillet. Toast over medium heat until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add 3/4 teaspoon coarse salt; stir 30 seconds. Transfer sesame salt to small bowl and cool. DO AHEAD: Dressing and toasted spices can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill dressing. Store toasted coriander and sesame salt in separate airtight containers at room temperature. Using shredding disc on processor or a box grater, coarsely grate beets and carrots. Transfer vegetables to large bowl. Add enough dressing to coat lightly. Add coriander and 1 tablespoon sesame salt. Toss to coat. Let marinate at room temperature 30 minutes. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Toss salad, adding additional dressing, if desired. Sprinkle with remaining sesame salt and serve. Beet and Carrot Salad with Coriander and Sesame Salt has 139.0 calories. Beet and Carrot Salad with Coriander and Sesame Salt has 2.0 grams of protein. Beet and Carrot Salad with Coriander and Sesame Salt has 11.0 grams of fat. Beet and Carrot Salad with Coriander and Sesame Salt has 320.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Beet and Carrot Salad with Coriander and Sesame Salt are 3 1/2 tablespoons minced shallot, 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon white miso (fermented soybean paste), 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated orange peel, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 4 2-inch-diameter red beets, peeled, 1 pound carrots, peeled, Ingredient info: White miso (also known as shiro miso) is available in the refrigerated Asian foods section of some supermarkets and at a natural food stores and Japanese markets.The shredding disc on the food processor makes quick work of grating the beets and carrots. For a pretty presentation, spoon the salad onto a bed of beet greens, spinach, or arugula. Serve with burgers or fish.  Salad Appetizer Side Thanksgiving Vegetarian Low Cal High Fiber Carrot Healthy Low Cholesterol Sesame Coriander Bon Appétit Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.