Best Friends Forever Brownies recipe. Heat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Lightly grease or butter pan and line with crisscrossed sheets of parchment or foil, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Melt chocolate with butter in a large metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Remove bowl from pan and let cool 5 minutes. Add sugar and whisk well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition, and whisk mixture vigorously until smooth and cohesive. Whisk in vanilla and salt. Add flour and cocoa and stir with whisk until incorporated and batter is smooth. Fold in nuts with a rubber spatula. Spread batter evenly in pan and bake until a wooden pick comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Cool brownies completely in pan on a rack. To remove them easily from the pan, use the parchment overhangs to lift the brownies, still on the parchment, from the pan. Cut brownies into serving pieces. Best Friends Forever Brownies has 229.0 calories. Best Friends Forever Brownies has 4.0 grams of protein. Best Friends Forever Brownies has 14.0 grams of fat. Best Friends Forever Brownies has 89.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Best Friends Forever Brownies are 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate (100 percent cacao), chopped, 1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon salt (if you have fine sea salt, use it), 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa (any type, as long as it's unsweetened), 3/4 cup walnuts, chopped, Special equipment: 8-inch square baking pan.After sampling hundreds of brownies in the Gourmet magazine test kitchens, along with baking countless more at home (my first was from the cult classic Betty Crocker's Cook Book for Boys and Girls), I feel qualified to declare my pride in this brownie. It's old-fashioned in its use of unsweetened chocolate, yet the addition of cocoa takes it to the deeper, darker chocolate place we crave these days.  Chocolate Dessert Bake Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Back to School Birthday Family Reunion Shower Party Potluck Gourmet Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.