Bevy of Beans and Basil recipe.  Blanch fava beans in a pot of boiling well-salted water 1 minute, then transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop cooking. Transfer favas with slotted spoon to a small bowl. Cook Romano beans in same pot of boiling water, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 5 minutes, then transfer to ice bath to stop cooking. Drain well and transfer to a bowl. Cook green beans in same pot until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes, then transfer to ice bath. Add to Romano beans. Gently peel skins from fava beans it's not necessary to peel edamame, if using), then add to other beans. Cut basil into very thin shreds. Cook garlic in oil with a rounded 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, 1 minute. Add beans, water, and zest and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through. Stir in basil and 2 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice and remove from heat. Season with salt and additional lemon juice if desired. Serve beans warm or at room temperature. Bevy of Beans and Basil has 163.0 calories. Bevy of Beans and Basil has 4.0 grams of protein. Bevy of Beans and Basil has 11.0 grams of fat. Bevy of Beans and Basil has 21.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bevy of Beans and Basil are 1 pound fresh fava beans, shelled, or 1 cup shelled fresh or frozen edamame (soybeans; 3/4 pound in pods), 3/4 pound young fresh Romano beans (Italian flat beans), stemmed and cut diagonally into 1 1/2-to 2-inch pieces, 1/2 pound green or wax beans, trimmed and halved crosswise, 1/4 cup packed basil leaves, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons water, 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zestepi:recipelink</epi:recipelink>, 2 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste.This textural celebration of legumes includes those that are both in and out of pods. You'll find crisp-tender Romano beans and green beans, as well as droves of firm yet creamy fava beans (also called broad beans), which have been a staple in places like Egypt, China, and the Mediterranean for millennia. The beans are all cooked in one pot and then warmed in a skillet, where verdant shreds of basil join them at the last minute for extra oomph. Sound easy? That's because it is.  Bean Side Vegetarian Quick & Easy Dinner Green Bean Summer Healthy Vegan Gourmet Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.