Bite-Size Stollen (Stollenkonfekt) recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F/180°C. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. To make the dough: Place the butter and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and cream together until fluffy. Add the Quark, grated lemon peel, vanilla extract, and rum; beat until well combined. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, cinnamon, cloves, cardamom, and baking powder. Add to the Quark mixture and beat together until just combined. Briefly beat in the almonds and raisins. Using your hands, pinch off golf ball–size pieces of dough and, without overhandling them, form them into 2-inch/5cm ovals or blocks. Place them on the prepared baking sheets, leaving 1 inch/2.5 cm between them. Place one baking sheet in the oven and bake for 30 minutes, or until the Stollen bites are a pale golden brown.Meanwhile, make the topping: Melt the butter in a small saucepan. Place the confectioners’ sugar and Vanilla Sugar in a small bowl and whisk to combine.Remove the Stollen bites from the oven and slide in the second batch. Let the finished bites cool briefly, just until you can handle them. Dip each bite into the melted butter, and then toss in the confectioners’ sugar mixture and place back on the baking sheet to set. Repeat with the second batch when they have baked.When the Stollen bites are completely cool, store in airtight containers, separated by pieces of waxed or parchment paper, for at least 1 day. They are best if allowed to rest for 3 to 4 days before serving. Just before serving, dust the bites again with a fresh layer of sifted confectioners’ sugar. The bites will keep in an airtight container for at least 10 days and up to 3 weeks. Bite-Size Stollen (Stollenkonfekt) has 128.0 calories. Bite-Size Stollen (Stollenkonfekt) has 2.0 grams of protein. Bite-Size Stollen (Stollenkonfekt) has 6.0 grams of fat. Bite-Size Stollen (Stollenkonfekt) has 58.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bite-Size Stollen (Stollenkonfekt) are 7 tablespoons/100g unsalted high-fat, European-style butter, at room temperature, 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon/80g granulated sugar, 1 cup/250g Quark, drained if necessary, Grated peel of 1 organic lemon, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 2 1/3 cups, scooped and leveled, plus 1 tablespoon/ 300g all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 cup/75g blanched whole almonds, chopped, 1 cup/150g raisins, 7 tablespoons/100g unsalted butter, 13 tablespoons/100g confectioners’ sugar, 3 tablespoons Vanilla Sugar.Making Stollen is not for the faint of heart. Avoiding it altogether because excellent store-bought Stollen abounds is further abetted by the invention of Stollenkonfekt, bite-size chunks of spiced, tender Quark dough studded with almonds and raisins and thickly cloaked in vanilla-scented confectioners’ sugar. They may be a relatively recent development in the world of Christstollen, which dates back to the Middle Ages, but they more than make up for their youth. In other words, want the rich, buttery, spicy flavor of Stollen without the work of a yeasted dough and the weeks of impatiently waiting for the loaves to be ready? If so, Stollenkonfekt is the thing for you.  Christmas Bread Cardamom Clove Dried Fruit Raisin Almond snack.