Black Cod with Olives and Potatoes in Parchment recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F with a baking sheet on bottom rack. Cut potatoes into very thin slices with slicer. Toss potatoes with 2 tablespoons oil, 1 teaspoon oregano, and 1/4 teaspoon sea salt. Divide potatoes among parchment squares, arranging them in center, slightly overlapping, then top with a piece of fish. Sprinkle each fillet with a scant 1/4 teaspoon sea salt, then top each with a lemon slice, a few garlic slices and olive slivers, parsley leaves, 1/2 teaspoon oregano, and 1/2 tablespoon oil. Gather sides of parchment up over fish to form a pouch, leaving no openings, and tie tightly with kitchen string. Put packages on hot baking sheet and bake until fish is just cooked through, 15 to 22 minutes. Black Cod with Olives and Potatoes in Parchment has 245.0 calories. Black Cod with Olives and Potatoes in Parchment has 26.0 grams of protein. Black Cod with Olives and Potatoes in Parchment has 12.0 grams of fat. Black Cod with Olives and Potatoes in Parchment has 793.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Black Cod with Olives and Potatoes in Parchment are 1/2 pound small Yukon Gold potatoes, 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons finely chopped oregano, divided, 2 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt, divided, 8 (5-ounce) pieces skinless black cod, Pacific cod, or haddock fillet (about 1 inch thick), any bones removed, 1 lemon, very thinly sliced, 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup Kalamata-style black olives, pitted and cut into slivers, 1/2 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves, Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer; 8 (12- to 15-inch) squares of parchment paper; kitchen string.A favorite Barese recipe (often named for San Nicola, the guardian saint of sailors), these little packets seal in the fish and vegetable juices, with the potato slices insulating the fish from the heat of the oven and the olives and lemon slices emphasizing its bright flavors.  Olive Potato Bake Low Carb Quick & Easy Low Cal Dinner Cod Spring Summer Healthy Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.