Black Bean and Vegetable Wraps recipe.  Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and stir 30 seconds. Add bell peppers, zucchini, squash, and onion and sauté until crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Mix in cumin and sauté until vegetables are tender, about 2 minutes longer. Season with salt and pepper. Place beans in large bowl; mash coarsely with fork. Mix in vegetables and cheese. Place tortillas on work surface. Spoon 1/4 of filling down center of each. Sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon cilantro. Roll up tortillas, enclosing filling. Arrange wraps, seam side down, on baking sheet. Can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Cover wraps with foil. Bake until filling is just heated through, about 10 minutes. Cut each wrap into 2 or 3 sections. Black Bean and Vegetable Wraps has 345.0 calories. Black Bean and Vegetable Wraps has 16.0 grams of protein. Black Bean and Vegetable Wraps has 15.0 grams of fat. Black Bean and Vegetable Wraps has 418.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Black Bean and Vegetable Wraps are 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup diced red bell pepper, 1 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 1 cup 1/2-inch pieces zucchini, 1 cup 1/2-inch pieces peeled butternut squash, 1 cup chopped red onion, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 15-ounce can black beans, drained, 1 cup (packed) grated hot pepper Monterey Jack cheese, 4 9- to 10-inch-diameter flour tortillas (burrito size), 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro."At the Manhattan law office where I'm a legal secretary, it seems as though the phones are always ringing," writes Lisa Caiazzo of Franklin Square, New York. "And if it isn't the phones that have me occupied, then there are lots of documents that need my attention. By the time I get home from the city, I usually have only about 45 minutes to put together dinner for my husband, Angelo, and myself. Still, that's enough time to make something filling and delicious, like a salad and a hearty pasta or soup. My best cooking, though, is done on Sundays during the fall and winter, when I become a football widow. An afternoon of cooking can be very therapeutic after a busy week.".  Bean Cheese Vegetable Bake Super Bowl Vegetarian Bell Pepper Butternut Squash Fall Bon Appétit.