Black Olive and Goat Cheese Sandwiches recipe.  Lay the tortillas in front of you. Spread 1/4 cup of the goat cheese over the center portion of each tortilla. Spread 1 generous tablespoon of the tapenade over the goat cheese. Cut each pepper half into 6 strips and lay 3 strips along the center of each tortilla. Top the pepper with some frisée. Fold two sides of the tortilla over the frisée, then roll up the tortilla. Cut each wrap crosswise into 4 pieces and serve from a platter. Black Olive and Goat Cheese Sandwiches has 357.0 calories. Black Olive and Goat Cheese Sandwiches has 15.0 grams of protein. Black Olive and Goat Cheese Sandwiches has 20.0 grams of fat. Black Olive and Goat Cheese Sandwiches has 803.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Black Olive and Goat Cheese Sandwiches are 1 pound fresh goat cheese, 1/4 cup cream, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme leaves, Place all the ingredients in a bowl and stir to combine. Set aside., 1 cup pitted Kalamata olives, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 teaspoons capers packed in brine, rinsed and drained, 1/2 teaspoon smashed garlic (use the edge of a large, wide-bladed knife), Place all of the ingredients in a food processor fitted with the metal blade and process until finely chopped. Transfer to a bowl and set aside., 8 flour tortillas, 10 inches in diameter, 2 roasted red bell peppers, 2 cups frisée, coarse ends trimmed, curly tips torn into pieces.I can't think of a better sandwich to take along to the beach, enjoy next to the pool, or keep on hand in the fridge than these wraps. The combination of olives, goat cheese, frisée, and red pepper reminds me of the Mediterranean Sea, making any summer occasion seem slightly more exotic. Thanks to the durable flour tortillas, which can hold alot of heft and moisture without soaking through and tearing, these sandwiches can be made ahead of time.  Sandwich Olive Picnic Mother's Day Lunch Goat Cheese Bell Pepper Tortillas Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.