Blueberry Lemon Crumbles recipe.  Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Toast almonds in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan, stirring once, until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool completely in pan on a rack. Leave oven on. Pulse flour, sugars, 1 teaspoon zest, cinnamon, and salt in a food processor until combined, then add butter and pulse until mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add yolks and vanilla and process until mixture begins to come together in clumps. Transfer 1 1/3 cups packed dough to a bowl and stir in almonds some almonds will break) for almond crumble topping. Gather remaining dough into a ball. Generously butter bottoms, sides, and top of muffin pan. Press 1 tablespoon dough into bottom and up side of each muffin cup. Chill until dough is firm, about 15 minutes. Stir remaining teaspoon zest, lemon juice 2 teaspoons), and dried blueberries into preserves in a small bowl. Spoon a rounded 1/2 teaspoon preserves mixture onto dough in each muffin cup. Crumble 1 rounded teaspoon almond topping evenly into each cup. Bake until topping is deep golden brown and filling is bubbling, about 20 to 25 minutes. Cool completely in muffin pan on a rack. Loosen edges of crumbles carefully with a small offset spatula or sharp knife, then carefully remove from pan. Blueberry Lemon Crumbles has 165.0 calories. Blueberry Lemon Crumbles has 2.0 grams of protein. Blueberry Lemon Crumbles has 8.0 grams of fat. Blueberry Lemon Crumbles has 53.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Blueberry Lemon Crumbles are 1 cup sliced almonds with skins, 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1/3 cup dried blueberries, 1/2 cup blueberry preserves, Special equipment: a nonstick mini-muffin pan with 24 (1/8-cup) cups (or 2 pans with 12 cups each).These small muffin-shaped cookies deliver a brown-sugar-infused crunch, followed by an intensely fruity burst of blueberries and lemon.  Cookies Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Blueberry Lemon Almond Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.