Blueberry-Lemon Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter three 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Line bottom of pans with parchment paper; butter paper. Dust pans with flour. Sift cake flour, baking powder, and salt into medium bowl. Transfer 1 tablespoon flour mixture to large bowl. Add fresh blueberries and toss to coat. Set remaining flour mixture and blueberries aside. Stir whole milk, vanilla extract, and grated lemon peel in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in another large bowl until light and creamy. Gradually add sugar, beating until mixture is light and fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Beat in flour mixture alternately with milk mixture in 3 additions each, just until blended. Fold in blueberries. Divide batter equally among pans. Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on racks 10 minutes. Run knife around pan sides to loosen. Turn cakes out onto racks to cool completely. Peel off parchment paper. Transfer 1 cake layer to platter. Spread 3/4 cup frosting over cake layer. Top with another cake layer; spread with 3/4 cup frosting. Top with third cake layer. Spread remaining frosting over top and sides of cake. Cake can be prepared up to 1 day ahead of time. Cover with cake dome and refrigerate. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature before continuing.) Garnish cake with lemon peel strips, if desired, and serve. Blueberry-Lemon Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting has 381.0 calories. Blueberry-Lemon Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting has 5.0 grams of protein. Blueberry-Lemon Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting has 18.0 grams of fat. Blueberry-Lemon Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting has 293.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Blueberry-Lemon Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting are 2 cups plus 6 tablespoons cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups fresh blueberries (about three 4.4-ounce packages), 1 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting, Lemon peel strips (optional)."A few weeks before my best friend’s wedding in San Francisco, I flew into town for her bridal shower," writes Constance Stevenson of Portland, Oregon. "The luncheon was catered by Thymes Two Catering. For dessert, they served an elegant blueberry and lemon layer cake with a tangy lemon frosting.".  Cake Dessert Bake Cream Cheese Blueberry Lemon Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.