Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Blackberry Glaze recipe.  To make the muffins, mix together the almond meal, flax meal, and salt in a mixing bowl. Add the agave syrup, vanilla, and coconut oil and mix well. Add the water and mix to a batter consistency. Fold in the blueberries. Place 6 cupcake liners into a muffin pan and spoon about 1/2 cup dough into each. Place the pan in the dehydrator and dehydrate at 104°F for 4 to 6 hours, until the batter is dry and to desired consistency. To make the glaze, combine the cashews, blackberry juice, lemon juice, agave syrup, and water in the Personal Blender with the 1-cup container and blend until smooth. To serve, frost each muffin with the glaze. Will keep for several days refrigerated. Can be frozen for several weeks and thawed. Warm muffins in the dehydrator at 104°F for an hour or two before serving. Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Blackberry Glaze has 403.0 calories. Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Blackberry Glaze has 13.0 grams of protein. Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Blackberry Glaze has 29.0 grams of fat. Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Blackberry Glaze has 83.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Blackberry Glaze are 1 2/3 cups almond meal, 1 cup golden flax meal (about 3/4 cup whole seeds ground into powder), 1/4 teaspoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 1 tablespoon alcohol-free vanilla extract, or the seeds from 1 vanilla bean, 1 tablespoon liquid coconut oil, 1/3 cup filtered water, as needed, 1 1/2 cups fresh or frozen blueberries, 1/2 cup cashews, ground into a fine powder, 2 tablespoons blackberry juice (from about 1/3 cup blackberries pushed through a wire sieve), 2 tablespoons lemon juice (from about 1/2 lemon), 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 1 tablespoon filtered water, as needed.These muffins arelike blueberry biscuits served in a cupcake cup. They're moist, delicious, and look pretty with violet-colored glaze. Full of omega-3s and 6s, antioxidants, and vitamins, they're great in the morning with a cup of tea, juice, or smoothie.  Food Processor Berry Citrus Fruit Nut Dessert Fourth of July Picnic Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Blackberry Blueberry Lemon Tree Nut Cashew Summer Birthday Shower Vegan Raw Party Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.