Bo Ssäm recipe. Put the pork in a roasting pan, ideally one that holds it snugly. Mix together the granulated sugar and 1 cup of the salt in a bowl, then rub the mixture into the meat; discard any excess salt-and-sugar mixture. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and put it into the fridge for at least 6 hours, or overnight. Heat the oven to 300°F. Remove the pork from the refrigerator and discard any juices that have accumulated. Put the pork in the oven and cook for 6 hours, basting with the rendered fat and pan juices every hour. The pork should be tender and yielding at this point—it should offer almost no resistance to the blade of a knife and you should be able to easily pull meat off the shoulder with a fork. Depending on your schedule, you can serve the pork right away or let it rest and mellow out at room temperature for up to an hour. When ready to serve—sauces are made, oysters are ready to be shucked, lettuce is washed, etc.—turn the oven to 500°F. Stir together the remaining 1 tablespoon salt and the brown sugar and rub the mixture all over the pork. Put it in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes, until the sugar has melted into a crisp, sweet crust. Serve bo ssäm whole and hot, surrounded by the accompaniments. The ingredients of Bo Ssäm are 1 whole 8- to 10-pound bone-in Boston pork butt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 7 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 dozen oysters, shucked, 1 cup Napa Cabbage Kimchi, plus 1 cup puréed, 1 cup Ginger Scallion Sauce, Ssäm Sauce, 2 cups Short-Grain Rice, 3 to 4 heads Bibb lettuce, leaves separated, well washed, and spun dry, Maldon or other high-quality coarse sea salt.Our bo ssäm was a long time in the making before it showed up on the menu. I'd had an inkling for years it would be a good idea—bo ssäm is a supercommon dish in Korean restaurants, though the ingredients and cooking that go into it are frequently an afterthought. The oysters are usually Gulf oysters from a bucket, the kind that are really only suited to frying; the pork is belly that's been boiled into submission. Almost every time I ate it at a restaurant, I'd think about how much better it would be if all the ingredients were awesome.  Pork Roast Meat.