Braised Endive with Ham and Gruyère recipe.  To cook the endive, combine the butter, sugar, salt, and 10 1/2 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Add the endive, cover, and cook until very tender, about 45 minutes. A knife should be able to pierce through with no resistance. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the endive to paper towels. Reserve 1 1/4 cups cooking liquid. When cool enough to handle, squeeze out as much liquid as possible from the endive. Wrap each endive with slices of ham. Arrange the endive in a shallow baking dish that holds them snugly; you don't want any space between the endive. Preheat the oven to 400°F. To make the béchamel, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat until golden. Add the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture smells nutty, about 2 minutes. Continue whisking and add the milk, then the reserved endive cooking liquid in a slow, steady stream. Bring the mixture to a boil while whisking. Continue whisking until thickened, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the nutmeg and pepper. Pour the béchamel over the endive and spread to cover them evenly. Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the top. Set the dish on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until bubbly and golden brown on top, about 15 minutes. If you want the top more browned and crusty, broil for a minute or two after baking. Serve hot. Braised Endive with Ham and Gruyère has 642.0 calories. Braised Endive with Ham and Gruyère has 30.0 grams of protein. Braised Endive with Ham and Gruyère has 46.0 grams of fat. Braised Endive with Ham and Gruyère has 6087.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Braised Endive with Ham and Gruyère are 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/4 cup sugar, 3 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt, 8 large yellow Belgian endive, trimmed, 8 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, 2/3 cup whole milk, warmed, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Gruyère cheese, shredded (1 2/3 cups).My grandmother passed this recipe down to my mom and she then passed it on to me. It's a casserole of pure comfort. First, bitter endive is simmered until sweet, then wrapped in savory ham and smothered with a creamy nutmeg béchamel. Gruyère tops it off before it's baked until bubbly and golden.  Cheese Leafy Green Vegetable Side Bake Braise Dinner Meat Ham Winter Endive Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.