Braised Rabbit with Egg Noodles recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Pat rabbit pieces dry and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown rabbit in 2 batches, turning over once, about 6 minutes per batch. Transfer as browned to a plate. Reduce heat to moderate and cook onions, garlic, zest, cinnamon stick, and bay leaves in remaining 2 tablespoons oil, stirring frequently, until onions are beginning to brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Add wine and deglaze skillet by boiling, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, until wine is reduced by about half, about 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, water, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Nestle rabbit pieces in sauce and bring to a simmer. Cover skillet tightly with lid or heavy-duty foil, then braise in middle of oven 30 minutes. Turn rabbit over and continue to braise, covered, until rabbit is tender, 25 to 30 minutes more. While rabbit is braising, cook pasta in a large pot of  until al dente. Drain pasta well in a colander and transfer to a large platter. Discard zest, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf from sauce. Arrange rabbit over pasta, then spoon sauce over top and sprinkle with parsley. Braised Rabbit with Egg Noodles has 617.0 calories. Braised Rabbit with Egg Noodles has 43.0 grams of protein. Braised Rabbit with Egg Noodles has 26.0 grams of fat. Braised Rabbit with Egg Noodles has 685.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Braised Rabbit with Egg Noodles are 1 (2 1/2- to 3 1/2-pound) rabbit, cut into 8 serving pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, halved lengthwise and then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 (4- by 1-inch) strips fresh orange zest, 1 (3- to 4-inch) cinnamon stick, 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California, 1/2 cup dry red wine, 2 cups canned crushed tomatoes (from a 28-oz can), 1/2 cup water, 8 ounces dried egg tagliatelle or egg fettuccine, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, Special equipment: a deep 12-inch ovenproof skillet (preferably with a lid) or a 5-quart wide heavy pot.More supermarkets are carrying fresh rabbit, as people rediscover its delicate flavor. Braising helps to keep it moist and tender. If you have trouble finding rabbit, however, you can substitute bone-in chicken, skin removed.  Pasta Tomato Braise Dinner Rabbit Red Wine Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.