Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney recipe.  Char eggplant directly over gas flame or in broiler until blackened all over and eggplant begins to collapse, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes. Place eggplant in large bowl; cool 10 minutes. Peel off skin; place eggplant flesh in strainer set over large bowl. Press on eggplant to release juices; let drain 15 minutes. Transfer eggplant to medium bowl; add lemon juice. Mix Tandoori Spice Blend and vegetable oil in small bowl; add to eggplant and mash with fork to coarse puree. Season smoked eggplant to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Smoked eggplant can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Mix diced tomato, olive oil, chopped fresh cilantro, and grated fresh ginger in small bowl; season chutney to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Chutney can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Bring unsweetened coconut milk, clam juice, and lemongrass to simmer in large skillet. Sprinkle halibut with salt and pepper; add to skillet. Simmer until halibut is just opaque in center, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Spoon dollop of smoked eggplant into center of each of 4 shallow bowls. Using slotted spatula, transfer halibut fillets to bowls; place atop eggplant. Spoon dollop of tomato-ginger chutney alongside. Garnish with radishes, sprouts, and microgreens, if desired. Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney has 390.0 calories. Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney has 37.0 grams of protein. Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney has 22.0 grams of fat. Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney has 318.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Braised Halibut Fillets in Coconut and Lemongrass with Smoked Eggplant and Tomato Ginger Chutney are 1 large eggplant (about 1 1/4 pounds), 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Tandoori Spice Blend, 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 8-ounce tomato, peeled, seeded, diced, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1/2 cup bottled clam juice, 1 lemongrass stalk, bottom 3 inches only, thinly sliced, 4 6-ounce halibut fillets, 4 red radishes, trimmed, scrubbed, cut into matchstick-size pieces (for garnish), Daikon radish sprouts (for garnish), Microgreens (for garnish; optional).A little coconut milk adds richness to this sophisticated dish from the Sugar Mill restaurant at Rosewood Little Dix Bay.  Fish Ginger Herb Dinner Coconut Seafood Halibut Eggplant Lemongrass Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.