Braised Chicken with Dates and Moroccan Spices recipe. Sprinkle chicken pieces with salt, pepper, and flour. Heat olive oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add half of chicken pieces to pot and cook until browned on all sides, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes. Transfer chicken to baking sheet or platter; repeat with remaining chicken. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from pot and discard. Reduce heat to medium. Add shallots to pot; sauté until golden, about 6 minutes. Add cinnamon sticks, ginger, cumin, turmeric, and cayenne. Stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Increase heat to high; add broth and 3 tablespoons lemon juice. Bring to boil; reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until shallots begin to soften, about 18 minutes. Place chicken pieces atop shallots in pot. Bring to boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until juices run clear when thickest part of drumstick is pierced with knife, about 25 minutes. Transfer chicken and shallots to platter; tent with foil. Boil juices in pot until slightly thickened. Stir in dates and remaining 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Reduce heat and simmer gently until dates are heated through, about 2 minutes. Pour sauce and dates over chicken. Sprinkle with almonds and cilantro, and serve. The ingredients of Braised Chicken with Dates and Moroccan Spices are 3 1/2 pounds chicken breast halves, thighs, and drumsticks, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 2 pounds shallots (about 11 large), peeled, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups low-salt chicken broth, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided, 12 dates, pitted, halved, 1/4 cup almonds, toasted, coarsely chopped, 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro.Medjool dates work well in this braise, which should be served with enough couscous to soak up the delicious juices.  Chicken Braise Quick & Easy Low Cal Dinner Date Almond Healthy Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.