Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast recipe. Cut off legs, wings, and breasts from duck and cut up carcass and wing tips for stock. Remove any bones from breasts, leaving skin on. Chill legs, wings, and breasts in a sealable bag. Wash leek , then put in a 6- to 8-quarts pot with carcass, 1 onion cut in half), carrot, water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil, skimming foam. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming occasionally, 1 hour. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, discarding solids. Skim off and discard fat. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Coarsely chop remaining onion. Peel parsnips and cut into 3-inch batons 1/4 inch thick). Pat legs and wings dry and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wide 6- to 7-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then brown legs and wings, turning over once, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add onion to pot with parsnips, ginger, zest, juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened and pale golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add 2 cups duck stock save remainder for another use) and nestle legs and wings in vegetables. Bring to a boil. Cover pot and braise in oven until meat is tender, about 1 hour. Let stand, uncovered, at room temperature 1 hour while cooking breasts. Season duck breasts with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper total). Heat remaining teaspoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Cook duck breasts, skin sides down, until well browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Turn and cook about 6 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Mix together parsley and garlic. Slice breasts crosswise. Serve legs and wings over parsnips and serve sliced breast on the side. Sprinkle with parsley mixture. Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast has 3292.0 calories. Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast has 90.0 grams of protein. Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast has 296.0 grams of fat. Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast has 533.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Braised Duck Legs and Sautéed Duck Breast are 1 (6- to 7-pound) Long Island (Pekin) duck, excess fat from body cavity discarded, 1 leek, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 large sweet onions (2 pounds total) such as Vidalia, 1 medium carrot, 1 quart water, 2 pounds parsnips, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon grapeseed or vegetable oil, divided, 1 (1-inch) piece peeled ginger, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/4 cup chopped parsley, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped.We love how Carena uses every part of the duck: The carcass makes a velvety broth for braising the wings and legs until they're fall- off-the-bone tender; the breast is seared and sprinkled with minced parsley and garlic, so the dish really runs the gamut from deeply meaty to fresh and vibrant.  Duck Garlic Ginger Braise Dinner Lemon Winter Parsley Gourmet Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.