Braised Chicken with Artichokes and Peas recipe.  Put flour in a shallow bowl. Pat chicken dry and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then dredge, 1 piece at a time, in flour, shaking off excess. Transfer to a sheet of wax paper as coated. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté chicken, skinned sides down first, turning over once, until deep golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes total. Transfer to a plate chicken will not be fully cooked). Add onion with remaining tablespoon oil to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until golden brown around edges, about 6 minutes. Add wine and boil, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, 1 minute. Stir in broth, artichokes, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Return chicken to skillet along with any juices from plate and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover skillet and reduce heat, then simmer until chicken is tender, about 25 minutes. Stir in peas and simmer, covered, 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a shallow serving dish. Stir parsley and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper into artichoke mixture, then spoon over chicken. Braised Chicken with Artichokes and Peas has 950.0 calories. Braised Chicken with Artichokes and Peas has 63.0 grams of protein. Braised Chicken with Artichokes and Peas has 64.0 grams of fat. Braised Chicken with Artichokes and Peas has 1142.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Braised Chicken with Artichokes and Peas are 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, 4 large chicken thighs with skin and bone (2 pounds total), 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth, 1 (14-ounce) can artichoke hearts, rinsed, drained, and halved lengthwise, 1 cup frozen baby peas (not thawed), 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley.Chicken thighs are a natural for braising because they stay nice and juicy. Plus, the dark meat is a good counterpoint to the sweetness of peas and the slight acidity of the artichokes.  Chicken Herb Onion Poultry Vegetable Braise Sauté Quick & Easy Dinner Artichoke Pea Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.