Braised Beef Brisket recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in lower third. Heat oil in a wide 5-to 6-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Season brisket with 1 tsp each of salt and pepper, then brown brisket, turning once, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a plate. Reduce heat to medium. Add onions to pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden-brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Add carrots, celery, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Add vinegar, stirring and scraping up brown bits. Add stock and tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Return brisket to pot, nestling it in braising liquid liquid will not cover meat). Cover with a tight-fitting lid and braise in oven until fork-tender, 3 to 3 1/2 hours. Braised Beef Brisket has 858.0 calories. Braised Beef Brisket has 46.0 grams of protein. Braised Beef Brisket has 62.0 grams of fat. Braised Beef Brisket has 718.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Braised Beef Brisket are 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 (2-pounds) piece beef brisket (preferably second-cut), 2 large white onions, chopped, 4 medium carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces, 4 celery ribs, cut into 1-inch pieces, 6 garlic cloves, 1/4 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth, 1 (28-ounces) can crushed tomatoes.Every cook should have a good brisket recipe at the ready, and this one's a doozy. Braised with lots of browned onions, carrots, and celery in a mix of chicken broth and crushed tomatoes, the beef exits the oven full-flavored and fork-tender, ready to be shredded for the country hash or sliced and served with mashed potatoes for a homey dinner (though it's even better if you can wait a day). By all means, freeze the leftover braising liquid; it's wonderful as a sauce for fettuccine or as the base for a vegetable barley soup.  Garlic Onion Tomato Braise Father's Day Dinner Vinegar Brisket Carrot Fall Gourmet Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.