Brandied Apricot Beignets with Chocolate Dipping Sauce recipe. Bring first 3 ingredients just to boil in medium saucepan. Remove from heat; add chocolate. Let stand 30 seconds. Whisk until smooth. do ahead Can be made 4 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring apricots, 3 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons sugar, and brandy to boil in medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Steep, covered, 30 minutes. Drain; reserve apricots and syrup. Bring 1/2 cup water, milk, butter, and salt to boil in large saucepan over high heat, stirring until butter melts. Remove from heat. Add flour; stir briskly until dough gathers into ball. Place pan over medium heat; stir constantly until film forms on pan bottom, about 2 minutes. Cool 5 minutes. Using electric mixer, beat in eggs 1 at a time. Beat in apricots. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover; let stand at room temperature. Preheat oven to 200°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with paper towels. Pour oil into large deep saucepan to depth of 1 1/2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pan; heat oil to 330°F to 340°F. Working in batches of 5 or 6, drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls into hot oil. Cook beignets until golden brown, adjusting heat to maintain temperature and turning after 2 or 3 minutes, about 5 minutes Total. Using slotted spoon, transfer beignets to sheet. Place in oven to keep warm. Rewarm chocolate sauce over low heat. Mix in reserved apricot syrup. Sift powdered sugar over beignets. Divide among plates. Serve with warm chocolate sauce. Brandied Apricot Beignets with Chocolate Dipping Sauce has 162.0 calories. Brandied Apricot Beignets with Chocolate Dipping Sauce has 2.0 grams of protein. Brandied Apricot Beignets with Chocolate Dipping Sauce has 13.0 grams of fat. Brandied Apricot Beignets with Chocolate Dipping Sauce has 42.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brandied Apricot Beignets with Chocolate Dipping Sauce are 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 tablespoon honey, 10 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots, 3 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons brandy, 1/2 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup all purpose flour, 4 large eggs, Vegetable oil (for frying), Powdered sugar.Brandy and apricots amp up the flavor of these fritters. The finishing touch? A dark-chocolate sauce.  Mixer Chocolate Dessert Fry Dried Fruit Apricot Brandy Winter Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.