Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca Capixaba) recipe. Pat fish fillets dry and put in a bowl. Stir together lime juice, malagueta peppers, 1 tablespoon garlic, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, then pour over fish and toss to combine. Marinate, covered and chilled, 30 minutes. Add shrimp and chill at least 30 minutes but no longer than 1 1/2 hours more. Put tomatoes in bottom of a wide 5- to 6-quart heavy pot. Top with onion and remaining tablespoon garlic, then sprinkle with bell peppers. Place plantains on top of vegetables. Sprinkle evenly with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Arrange fish in 1 layer on top of plantain. Sprinkle cilantro and parsley over fish, then arrange shrimp in 1 layer over herbs, reserving marinade. Pour oil and marinade evenly over mixture in pot. Bring to a simmer, then cover pot. Adjust heat to gently simmer until vegetables are softened and have released liquid and fish is just cooked through, about 20 minutes. Serve stew over soft manioc polenta . Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca Capixaba) has 325.0 calories. Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca Capixaba) has 40.0 grams of protein. Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca Capixaba) has 9.0 grams of fat. Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca Capixaba) has 1004.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca Capixaba) are 8 (6-ounce) pieces skinless hake or Pacific cod fillet (1/2 to 1 1/4 inches thick), 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped bottled malagueta peppers or 1/4 teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic (3 cloves), 2 teaspoons salt, 1 pound extra-large shrimp in shell (16 to 20 per pound), peeled and deveined, reserving shells if making soft manioc polenta as accompaniment, 1 1/2 pound tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 large onion, chopped, 1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper, 1/3 cup chopped yellow bell pepper, 2 yellow plantains, peeled and each cut diagonally into 8 pieces, 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, Accompaniments: soft manioc polenta ; malagueta pepper sauce.We usually encounter only one version of Brazil's signature dish in this country — the one from Bahia, rich and almost currylike with coconut milk and dendê oil. This lighter one, from Espírito Santo, reflects that state's long coastline: Its bright broth results from the fish, tomatoes, lime juice, and vegetables, which meld beautifully. And it couldn't be easier. You simply layer the marinated seafood with the other ingredients in a cold pan and turn up the heat, simmering for just 20 minutes.  Citrus Fish Herb Onion Pepper Tomato Marinate Dinner Gourmet Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.