Breaded Chicken Cutlets with Chunky Vegetable Sauce recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place vegetables on large rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle oil over; toss to coat. Roast vegetables until tender and brown around edges, turning occasionally, about 45 minutes. Remove from oven. Increase oven temperature to 500°F. Meanwhile, spray large nonstick baking sheet with oil spray. Place breadcrumbs on sheet of waxed paper. Whisk egg whites in shallow bowl until foamy. Using mallet, pound chicken breasts to 1/3-inch thickness. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Turn chicken in breadcrumbs; place on platter. Stir Parmesan into remaining breadcrumbs on waxed paper. Dip chicken into egg whites to coat. Then dip chicken into Parmesan breadcrumbs to coat; shake off excess. Transfer vegetables to bowl; mix in parsley and thyme. Add broth to baking sheet; scrape up any browned bits. Pour over vegetables. Keep warm. Bake chicken on prepared sheet 5 minutes. Turn chicken over; bake just until cooked through, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer chicken to plates. Spoon vegetable sauce alongside. Breaded Chicken Cutlets with Chunky Vegetable Sauce has 531.0 calories. Breaded Chicken Cutlets with Chunky Vegetable Sauce has 66.0 grams of protein. Breaded Chicken Cutlets with Chunky Vegetable Sauce has 14.0 grams of fat. Breaded Chicken Cutlets with Chunky Vegetable Sauce has 487.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Breaded Chicken Cutlets with Chunky Vegetable Sauce are 4 large plum tomatoes, quartered, 1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch-wide wedges, 2 red or green bell peppers, sliced, 1 8-ounce zucchini, trimmed, halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 cup dry breadcrumbs, 4 large egg whites, 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried, 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth, hot. Chicken Poultry Tomato Vegetable Bake Kid-Friendly Back to School Dinner Bell Pepper Zucchini Winter Healthy Bon Appétit.