Breakfast Banh Mi Sandwich with Eggs and Sausage recipe. In a large bowl, combine all of the sausage ingredients except for the ground pork until evenly mixed. Add the pork and mix, using your hands, until the mixture is combined. Form into eight patties, using 1/3 cup pork mixture per patty. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat 1 tablespoon oil. Working in two batches, cook the sausage patties until cooked through and lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side, adding 1 tablespoon oil for the second batch. Set sausage patties aside on a plate and pour off all but 2 tablespoons of fat from the skillet. Heat the skillet to medium-high and fry the eggs in batches until desired doneness. Spread the baguette halves open like a book, and spread insides with mayonnaise. Spread the top side with sambal, if desired. Place 2 fried eggs on the bottom side of each sandwich, and top with 2 sausage patties. Garnish with avocado, jalapeño, cilantro, and mint and serve. Breakfast Banh Mi Sandwich with Eggs and Sausage has 874.0 calories. Breakfast Banh Mi Sandwich with Eggs and Sausage has 46.0 grams of protein. Breakfast Banh Mi Sandwich with Eggs and Sausage has 56.0 grams of fat. Breakfast Banh Mi Sandwich with Eggs and Sausage has 1482.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Breakfast Banh Mi Sandwich with Eggs and Sausage are 2 teaspoons minced scallion (white part only), 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 1/2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons red-pepper flakes, 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3/4 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 3/4 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 1/4 pounds ground pork, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 8 large eggs, 1 baguette, cut into four segments, split on one side, toasted, Mayonnaise, for serving, Sambal or hot sauce, for serving, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, pitted and sliced, 1 jalapeño, seeded and julienned, to taste, Cilantro and mint leaves, for serving.It's easier than you think to make homemade sausage for this Vietnamese take on the egg sandwich. No need to mess with casings; just mix ground pork with seasonings, form into patties, and pan-fry.  Sandwich Egg Pork Breakfast Sausage Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.