Brined Pork Loin with Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote recipe. Combine first 7 ingredients in heavy large pot. Bring to simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve salt and sugar. Remove from heat. Cool to room temperature. Transfer brine to very large bowl. Add pork weight pork with plate to keep below surface). Cover; refrigerate over-night. Drain pork. Return pork to bowl; cover with water weight pork with plate). Soak at room temperature 2 hours. Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Drain pork. Pat dry. Transfer to rack set in large roasting pan. Rub pork all over with oil. Sprinkle with fresh herbs, pressing to adhere. Sprinkle with pepper. Roast until thermometer inserted into center of pork registers 150°F, about 1 hour 40 minutes. Transfer pork to cutting board; tent with foil. Let stand 10 minutes. Cut pork into 1/4- to 1/2-inch-thick slices. Serve with compote. Brined Pork Loin with Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote has 456.0 calories. Brined Pork Loin with Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote has 49.0 grams of protein. Brined Pork Loin with Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote has 21.0 grams of fat. Brined Pork Loin with Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote has 5766.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brined Pork Loin with Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote are 8 cups water, 1/2 cup coarse salt, 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 3 bay leaves, 1 center-cut boneless pork loin roast (about 4 pounds), 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram, Onion, Raisin, and Garlic Compote.Brining results in moist, tender meat. Be sure to use a large center-cut loin, which cooks more evenly than two smaller pieces tied together. Begin this recipe one day ahead. What to drink: A medium-bodied fruity red, such as Merlot, or a fruity white, such as Australian Sémillon.  Garlic Herb Onion Pork Marinate Roast Raisin Fall Brine Bon Appétit.