Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing recipe.  Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, garlic and thyme; sauté until onions soften, about 5 minutes. Cool 15 minutes. Mix in spinach and matzo. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Mix in egg. Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut deep pocket in 1 side of brisket, leaving 3/4-inch border of meat uncut on remaining 3 sides. Fill pocket with stuffing. Skewer or sew pocket closed. Sprinkle salt and pepper all over brisket. Arrange half of onions in bottom of large roasting pan. Place brisket, fat side up, on onions. Top brisket with remaining onions. Pour 1/4 cup broth into pan. Bake brisket uncovered until meat and onions begin to brown, about 1 hour. Add carrots, celery, garlic, thyme and bay leaf to pan around brisket. Pour remaining 2 cups broth over. Cover pan with foil. Reduce temperature to 300°F. Bake brisket until tender, about 2 1/2 hours longer. Remove from oven. Uncover pan; let brisket stand 30 minutes. Thinly slice brisket across grain. Overlap slices on platter. Surround with vegetables from pan. Spoon off fat from pan juices; season juices with salt and pepper. Serve brisket with pan juices. Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing has 800.0 calories. Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing has 46.0 grams of protein. Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing has 57.0 grams of fat. Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing has 466.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brisket with Herbed Spinach Stuffing are 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry, 2 whole matzo sheets, finely crumbled (about 1 cup), 1 large egg, beaten to blend, 1 4-pound flat-cut brisket, 2 pounds onions, thinly sliced, 2 1/4 cups canned chicken broth, 3 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 3 celery stalks, sliced, 5 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf.A vegetable and herb filling adds another element to an unusual and impressive version of a classic Passover main course.  Beef Leafy Green Herb Hanukkah Passover Sukkot Brisket Spinach Spring Kosher Thyme Bon Appétit.