Broccoli-Quinoa Salad with Buttermilk Dressing recipe.  Whisk buttermilk, olive oil, vegetable oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, rice vinegar, pepper, and 1 tsp. sea salt in a medium bowl. Taste and season with more salt if needed. Dressing can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill. Stir together shallot and 2 Tbsp. buttermilk dressing in a small bowl and set aside. Cook broccoli in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer broccoli to a bowl of ice water; let cool. Drain and place on a kitchen towel–lined baking sheet. Meanwhile, return water in pot to a boil and cook quinoa until slightly al dente, about 12 minutes; drain. Toss quinoa and 2 Tbsp. buttermilk dressing in a large bowl to coat; season with salt. Let cool. Add dressed shallot, broccoli, parsley, tarragon, pistachios, and 2 Tbsp. buttermilk dressing to quinoa and toss to combine. Season with more salt if needed. Broccoli-Quinoa Salad with Buttermilk Dressing has 433.0 calories. Broccoli-Quinoa Salad with Buttermilk Dressing has 16.0 grams of protein. Broccoli-Quinoa Salad with Buttermilk Dressing has 21.0 grams of fat. Broccoli-Quinoa Salad with Buttermilk Dressing has 168.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Broccoli-Quinoa Salad with Buttermilk Dressing are 3/4 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon (or more) fine sea salt, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 small heads of broccoli, cut into bite-size florets, Kosher salt, 1 cup white, red, or black quinoa, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped parsley, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped tarragon, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped pistachios.If you're ever cornered by a bland bowl of vegetables or whole grains, throw a handful of herbs on it. They instantly make the meal more beautiful and flavorful—without adding any salt, fat, or sugar.  Bon Appétit Broccoli Quinoa Herb Healthy Low Cholesterol Pistachio Kid-Friendly Side Salad Buttermilk Vegetable Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.