Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders recipe. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; add garlic and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring often, until garlic begins to turn golden, about 4 minutes. Add beans with liquid. Bring to a simmer; cook, stirring often, until liquid thickens, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor; add 3 tablespoons oil. Process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cook broccoli rabe, 1 bunch at a time, in a large pot of boiling salted water for 2 minutes return to a boil between batches). Transfer broccoli rabe to a baking sheet; let cool. Squeeze dry; coarsely chop. Heat a large pot over medium heat; add 1/4 cup oil, garlic, and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring often, until garlic is fragrant and beginning to turn golden, 2-3 minutes. Add broccoli rabe; cook, stirring often, until stem pieces are just tender, 4-5 minutes. Add remaining 1/4 cup oil and 3 tablespoons lemon juice. Season with salt, pepper, and more juice, if desired. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and let cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made one day ahead. Cover and chill. Arrange racks in top and bottom thirds of oven; preheat to 400°F. Open rolls and arrange on 2 rimmed baking sheets. Drizzle generously with oil. Spread bean purée on one side of each roll; add broccoli rabe. Top with cheese, then chile. Toast, rotating pans after 5 minutes, until cheese is melted, 7-10 minutes. Top, slice, and serve. Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders has 409.0 calories. Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders has 21.0 grams of protein. Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders has 21.0 grams of fat. Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders has 725.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders are 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 15-ounce can cannellini (white kidney) beans with liquid, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 4 bunches broccoli rabe (rapini, 4-5 pounds), ends trimmed, Kosher salt, 1/2 cup olive oil, divided, plus more, 1 head of garlic, cloves peeled and thinly sliced, 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons (or more) fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 6"-8"-long French rolls, split lengthwise, 8 ounces thinly sliced provolone piccante or other aged provolone cheese, 1 Fresno chile or red jalapeño, seeded, very thinly sliced.Lots of oozy cheese and garlic make these vegetarian heros hearty enough to satisfy the most ardent carnivore.  Sandwich Cheese Super Bowl Vegetarian Low Cal Lunch Hot Pepper Tailgating Poker Game Night Broccoli Rabe Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.