Broccoli Rabe Pasta with Golden Garlic recipe.  Bring a 6- to 8-quart pasta pot of water to a rolling boil and season generously with salt. Meanwhile, peel the garlic cloves, leaving them whole, then cut them lengthwise into thin slices. Cook the garlic slices in the olive oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the oil bubbles, then reduce the heat to medium-low and cook the garlic slowly, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the red pepper and remove the pan from the heat the garlic will continue to cook in the residual heat). Add the pasta to the boiling salted water and cook it, stirring once or twice in the beginning, according to the package instructions. About 4 to 5 minutes before the pasta is done depending on how tender your broccoli rabe is), stir in the broccoli rabe and continue to boil the mixture, uncovered, until the pasta is al dente and the broccoli rabe is tender. Drain the pasta mixture in a colander and transfer it to a large serving bowl. Spoon the garlic/oil mixture over the pasta and drizzle it with additional olive oil to taste. Broccoli Rabe Pasta with Golden Garlic has 557.0 calories. Broccoli Rabe Pasta with Golden Garlic has 16.0 grams of protein. Broccoli Rabe Pasta with Golden Garlic has 26.0 grams of fat. Broccoli Rabe Pasta with Golden Garlic has 58.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Broccoli Rabe Pasta with Golden Garlic are 1 large head of garlic, separated into cloves, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus additional for drizzling, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 8 ounces corkscrew or gemelli pasta, 1 pound broccoli rabe, lower coarse stems discarded and remainder cut crosswise into 2-inch strips, Accompaniment: grated Parmigiano-Reggiano.Broccoli rabe and pasta, crowned with golden shards of garlic and zapped with a touch of chile heat, is one of the fastest dinners to make, and definitely one of the most satisfying. Because broccoli rabe is loaded with vitamins, minerals, and cancer-fighting bionutrients, I like to double up on the greens. Those who find broccoli rabe a bit bitter—it is a cousin of mustard—will find that the bitterness is greatly tamed by boiling it in lots of salted water with the pasta. You can embellish this basic rendition with bacon or sausage, but it's pretty darn delicious just as it is.  Garlic Pasta Broccoli Rabe.