Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Cheese recipe.  Melt 3 tablespoons butter in heavy medium pot over medium-high heat. Add broccoli stems and onion; sauté until onion is translucent, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and tarragon; sauté 1 minute. Add stock; bring to boil. Simmer uncovered until broccoli is tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in cream. Mix remaining 3 tablespoons butter with flour in small bowl to make paste. Whisk paste into soup. Add broccoli florets. Simmer until soup thickens and florets are tender, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly, then refrigerate uncovered until cold. Cover and keep refrigerated. Bring to simmer before continuing.) Preheat broiler. Place 6 ovenproof soup bowls on baking sheet. Divide soup among bowls. Sprinkle 1/3 cup cheese over each. Broil until cheese melts and bubbles around edges, about 4 minutes. Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Cheese has 667.0 calories. Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Cheese has 22.0 grams of protein. Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Cheese has 58.0 grams of fat. Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Cheese has 400.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Cheese are 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, room temperature, 2 pounds fresh broccoli, stems and florets separated and chopped into bite-size pieces, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon or 1/2 teaspoon dried, 6 1/2 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup whipping cream, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, 2 cups (packed) grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces)."As a student at Bloomsburg University, I spent many Sunday afternoons at Russell’s restaurant in downtown Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania," writes Marganne Hoffman of Lebanon, Pennsylvania. "A decade after graduating, I still crave their cheddar-crusted broccoli soup. I would be thrilled if the owners would share the recipe—and so would my family.".  Soup Stew Appetizer Broil Kid-Friendly Dinner Lunch Cheddar Broccoli Winter Simmer Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.