Broccoli and Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Red Peppers recipe. Char peppers directly over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose peppers in paper bag 10 minutes. Peel and seed peppers, then cut into 1/3-inch-wide strips. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Working in batches, cook broccoli and broccoli rabe in large pot of boiling salted water until just crisp-tender, about 3 minutes per batch. Using large slotted spoon or strainer, transfer vegetables to bowl of ice water to cool. Drain well. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Wrap in paper towels; enclose in resealable plastic bags and refrigerate.) Heat olive oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add garlic; stir until golden, about 1 minute. Add broccoli and broccoli rabe; toss until coated with oil and heated through, about 5 minutes. Add bell pepper strips; toss to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to platter. Serve warm or at room temperature. Broccoli and Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Red Peppers has 140.0 calories. Broccoli and Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Red Peppers has 8.0 grams of protein. Broccoli and Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Red Peppers has 7.0 grams of fat. Broccoli and Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Red Peppers has 83.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Broccoli and Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Red Peppers are 3 large red bell peppers, 4 pounds broccoli, stems trimmed, crowns cut into small florets (about 13 cups florets), 2 1/2 pounds broccoli rabe (about 3 large bunches), tough stems trimmed, tops and leaves coarsely chopped, 1/3 cup olive oil, 6 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced.The peppers can be roasted and the broccoli blanched a day ahead, leaving just the sautéing to do before serving. This dish is equally delicious served right off the stove or at room temperature.  Garlic Pepper Vegetable Side Roast Sauté Vegetarian Low No Sugar Broccoli Bell Pepper Healthy Vegan Broccoli Rabe Bon Appétit Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.