Broiled Chicken with Thyme, Fennel and Peppers recipe. Cook fennel bulbs in large saucepan of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Drain; cool. Toss fennel, bell peppers, olive oil and 1 teaspoon chopped thyme in large bowl to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat broiler. Using mallet or rolling pin, pound each chicken breast between sheets of plastic to 1/2-inch thickness. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Place chicken, skin side down, on broiler pan. Watching closely, broil chicken 4 to inches from heat source until golden brown and almost cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove broiler pan from oven. Pour off any pan drippings. Using tongs, turn chicken over and broil until skin is golden brown and chicken is cooked through, about 4 minutes longer. Transfer chicken to platter. Tent with foil to keep warm. Pour off any additional pan drippings. Working in 2 batches, arrange peppers and fennel in single layer on broiler pan. Broil until vegetables begin to brown and peppers and tender, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer vegetables to platter with chicken. Meanwhile, melt butter in heavy small saucepan over medium-low heat. Mix in remaining 2 teaspoons chopped thyme, lemon peel and fennel seeds. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drizzle butter mixture over chicken. Garnish chicken with thyme sprigs, if desired, and serve. Broiled Chicken with Thyme, Fennel and Peppers has 337.0 calories. Broiled Chicken with Thyme, Fennel and Peppers has 14.0 grams of protein. Broiled Chicken with Thyme, Fennel and Peppers has 13.0 grams of fat. Broiled Chicken with Thyme, Fennel and Peppers has 346.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Broiled Chicken with Thyme, Fennel and Peppers are 3 small fennel bulbs (about 2 3/4 pounds), trimmed, quartered lengthwise, 3 red bell peppers, cut into 1-inch-wide strips, 2 tablespoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin), 3 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 6 boneless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed, Fresh thyme sprigs (optional).Melted butter laced with thyme, fennel seeds and lemon peel is drizzled over the chicken for terrific flavor. The fennel bulbs and bell peppers, both of which are also broiled, add a lot of color and taste. Pour a Sauvignon Blanc to accompany this dish.  Chicken Broil Fennel Bell Pepper Spring Thyme Bon Appétit.