Brown Rice Salad with Crunchy Sprouts and Seeds recipe.  Purée chives, oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until smooth. Strain chive vinaigrette through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Cook dried sprouted legumes in a large pot of lightly salted boiling water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Cover pot; remove from heat. Let stand for 3 minutes; drain. Rinse legumes under cold water to cool; drain. Transfer to a large bowl. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette and legumes can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Add zucchini, rice, scallions, seeds, nuts, and chive vinaigrette to bowl with legumes; toss to combine. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Brown Rice Salad with Crunchy Sprouts and Seeds has 527.0 calories. Brown Rice Salad with Crunchy Sprouts and Seeds has 23.0 grams of protein. Brown Rice Salad with Crunchy Sprouts and Seeds has 26.0 grams of fat. Brown Rice Salad with Crunchy Sprouts and Seeds has 333.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brown Rice Salad with Crunchy Sprouts and Seeds are 1 cup (packed) chopped fresh chives, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, 1 1/2 cups mixed dried sprouted legumes (such as mung beans and lentils), 1 1/2 cups grated zucchini, lightly squeezed to remove liquid, 1/2 cup cooked brown rice, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1/3 cup toasted salted sunflower seeds, 1/3 cup toasted salted shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas), 1/3 cup coarsely chopped roasted unsalted almonds, Freshly ground black pepper, Ingredient info: Look for dried sprouted legumes at natural foods stores, truroots.com, and some supermarkets..Toasted seeds and nuts add bite to this nutrition-packed salad. We use dried sprouted legumes, which are even more healthful than ordinary beans and more convenient than sprouting your own. (Cooked lentils and mung beans work well, too.) A vibrant chive vinaigrette brings it all together.  Salad Rice Side Vegetarian High Fiber Lunch Almond Legume Zucchini Healthy Low Cholesterol Vegan Seed Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious.