Brown Sugar-Cured Turkey with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy recipe.  Rinse turkey inside and out. Pat dry with paper towels. Place turkey on platter. Mix brown sugar, salt, onion powder, garlic powder, allspice, cloves and mace in small bowl to blend well. Rub brown sugar mixture all over outside of turkey. Refrigerate turkey uncovered 24 hours. Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 300°F. Arrange onion quarters in large roasting pan. Place turkey atop onions. Tie turkey legs together. Tuck wings under turkey. Sprinkle turkey with pepper. Cover loosely with foil. Roast turkey 2 hours. Uncover; roast 30 minutes. Add 1 cup broth to roasting pan; baste turkey with broth. Roast turkey 1 hour, basting occasionally. Add 1 cup broth to roasting pan; continue to roast turkey until dark brown, basting with broth every 20 minutes, about 1 hour. Cover turkey loosely with foil; continue to roast until thermometer inserted into innermost part of thigh registers 180°F, about 1 hour 30 minutes longer. Transfer turkey to platter. Tent with foil and let stand 30 minutes. Serve with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy. Brown Sugar-Cured Turkey with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy has 1350.0 calories. Brown Sugar-Cured Turkey with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy has 198.0 grams of protein. Brown Sugar-Cured Turkey with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy has 52.0 grams of fat. Brown Sugar-Cured Turkey with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy has 3293.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brown Sugar-Cured Turkey with Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy are 1 20-pound turkey, 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/4 cup coarse salt, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground mace, 2 large onions, quartered, 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, Wild Mushroom-Shallot Gravy.Edible wild mushrooms, are featured in a rich-tasting gravy for this delicious turkey. Because it is cooked slowly at a low temperature, the turkey is extremely moist and flavorful. Apply the spice rub one day ahead. Uncork a bottle of Oregon Pinot Noir.  Mushroom Onion Poultry turkey Roast Thanksgiving Fall Bon Appétit.