Brown Rice Pilaf with Saffron and Ginger recipe. Combine the warm water and saffron in a small bowl. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and sauté until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and saffron and cook, stirring constantly, until the rice is evenly coated with the oil. Stir in the water, salt, and ginger. Increase the heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to low and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until the water is absorbed. Check after 20 minutes; if there are steam holes on the top, it's ready. Remove ginger. Add the lemon juice, lemon zest, and parsley and fluff with a fork to combine. The ingredients of Brown Rice Pilaf with Saffron and Ginger are 1 teaspoon warm water, 1/8 teaspoon saffron, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon diced shallot, 1 cup brown basmati rice, soaked, rinsed, and drained well, 1 3/4 cups water or vegetable broth, homemade or store-bought, 1/2 teaspoon sea salt, 1 (1-inch) piece unpeeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley.Healers have touted saffron's medicinal properties since the days of Hippocrates, and Cleopatra claimed that it was an aphrodisiac. Its scarcity (it takes some four thousand crocus blossoms to create an ounce of saffron) and the belief that it could be used to treat everything from wounds to the plague even caused the Austrians to go to war over the spice during the Dark Ages. This is at least one feudal folk myth that modern science has corroborated. Studies have shown that saffron has outstanding antibacterial and antiviral properties and also aids digestion. People sometimes balk at saffron's cost, but it isn't unreasonable when you consider its potency; this recipe calls for only 1/8 teaspoon, and as you'll see, a little goes a long way. This pilaf is a delightful and gorgeous dish. The rice is sautéed before cooking to avoid that sticky, gummy consistency, and ginger, parsley, and lemon zest add zing.  Ginger Rice Side Dinner Spice Saffron Healthy Advance Prep Required Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.