Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté recipe.  Working with one brussels sprout at a time, peel each individual leaf, starting from the outside and working toward the middle. Continue to peel until you get to the tough core where it is just too tight to pull any more leaves. Discard the core and put the leaves in a big bowl. Repeat with the remaining brussels sprouts. Over medium heat, warm the olive oil in a large frying pan. Add all of the brussels leaves and sauté for about 30 seconds. Add the vinegar and maple syrup and toss to coat. Add the spinach to the pan and toss until it is just barely wilted. It is better just slightly underdone in this case, as it will continue to cook in its own heat. Sprinkle with the salt and Marcona almonds and serve immediately. Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté has 232.0 calories. Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté has 8.0 grams of protein. Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté has 16.0 grams of fat. Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté has 83.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brussel Leaf and Baby Spinach Sauté are 1 pound brussels sprouts, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon white wine or champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 4 cups baby spinach, 2 generous pinches of sea salt, 1/2 cup Marcona almonds.If you are the cook around the house, you know how sweet the words "I love this. Please make it again!" sound. This side has become my go-to dish for something quick and pretty, as I love the juxtaposition of the two shades of green. After you remove the leaves from the brussels sprouts, this takes only minutes to prepare. Brussels sprouts are miniature balls of cabbage, so their stems can be pretty tough. By working from the outermost leaf inward, and cutting more of the stem whenever necessary, you follow the pattern of the sprout to easily remove its leaves. You can do this part in advance, but you'll want to sauté them just before serving.  Salad Leafy Green Side Thanksgiving Vegetarian Fall Vegan Brussel Sprout Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.