Brussels Sprouts with Panko recipe.  Pour 1/4 to 1/2 inch corn oil in a large skillet and place over a high heat until hot. To test the temperature, slip half a Brussels sprout into the pan; if it makes a popping sound, the oil is hot enough. Working in batches, fry the Brussels sprouts, turning occasionally, until they are browned all over, 2 to 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the sprouts to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Meanwhile, whisk together the Thick Tahini Sauce , yogurt and pomegranate molasses in a medium bowl. Set aside. In a small skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high until hot. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the panko and stir constantly until the crumbs are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in the salt and remove the breadcrumbs from the heat. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to cool. Place the Brussels sprouts in a serving dish, drizzle with the sauce and top with the panko crumbs. Serve immediately. Brussels Sprouts with Panko has 844.0 calories. Brussels Sprouts with Panko has 15.0 grams of protein. Brussels Sprouts with Panko has 68.0 grams of fat. Brussels Sprouts with Panko has 385.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brussels Sprouts with Panko are Corn oil for frying, 4 pounds Brussels sprouts, outer leaves removed, cut in half, 1 cup Thick Tahini Sauce, 1 cup low-fat plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 cup panko (Japanese-style breadcrumbs), Pinch sea salt.Brussels sprouts were not part of the Palestinian kitchen when I was growing up. I discovered them here in the States and very eagerly tried to push them on my children. To that end, I did what any good mother would do—I pumped up their flavor by adding a little tahini sauce and sweet pomegranate molasses. It worked! In fact these Brussels sprouts were so delicious that they made it onto the original Tanoreen menu and I've never taken them off.  Sauté Vegetarian Brussel Sprout Breadcrumbs.