Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork recipe.  Blanch salt pork in a large saucepan of boiling water for 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer salt pork to a paper towel- lined plate to drain. Set aside. DO AHEAD: Salt pork can be blanched 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Cook salt pork in a large heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until about 3/4 cup fat is rendered, 10-12 minutes. Carefully strain drippings into a small bowl; return 2 tablespoons drippings and pork to pan. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring occasionally, until salt pork is browned and crisp, 5-6 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Reduce heat to medium. Add 2 tablespoons drippings to skillet; add shallots, cut sides down. Cook, turning once or twice, until tender and browned, 10-12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer shallots to a serving platter. Increase heat to medium-high. Add 2 tablespoons more salt pork drippings to skillet. Working in 2 batches and adding 2 more tablespoons drippings between batches, cook brussels sprouts, turning occasionally, until tender and browned. Transfer brussels sprouts to platter with shallots. DO AHEAD: Shallots and brussels sprouts can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm shallots and brussels sprouts together in same skillet over medium heat before continuing. Drizzle shallots and brussels sprouts with 1 tablespoon pickle juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper and 1 tablespoon more pickle juice, if desired. Scatter salt pork over. Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork has 270.0 calories. Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork has 5.0 grams of protein. Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork has 23.0 grams of fat. Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork has 799.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Salt Pork are 1 cup 1/4" cubes salt pork or pancetta (about 8 ounces), 2 large shallots, peeled, quartered (about 1 1/2 cups), Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/2 pounds brussels sprouts, outer leaves removed, trimmed, halved, 1-2 tablespoons juice from jarred dill pickles.Clean and cut the brussels sprouts and shallots the day before to make this dish a snap to prepare. The salt pork adds crunch and melty fat without any smoky notes.  Pork Side Sauté Thanksgiving High Fiber Fall Winter Low Cholesterol Brussel Sprout Shallot Bon Appétit Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.