Bubby's Granola recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly oil two baking sheets. Combine the vegetable oil, honey, molasses, and salt in a small heavy saucepan over low heat. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until well blended and very hot. Remove the mixture from the heat. Combine the rolled oats, pecans, walnuts, sesame seeds, pumpkin seeds, and sunflower seeds in a large bowl. Pour the honey mixture over the oat mixture and toss briskly to combine. Be sure all the oats, nuts, and seeds are thoroughly coated. Spread out the granola evenly on the prepared baking sheets. Bake for about 30 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes or so, until golden not dark) brown. Be careful not to overbake it. Remove the pans from the oven and allow the granola to cool completely. It will be crispy when it cools. Transfer the granola to a large container with a lid. Store, tightly covered, at room temperature. Just before serving, add the raisins. Bubby's Granola has 407.0 calories. Bubby's Granola has 10.0 grams of protein. Bubby's Granola has 11.0 grams of fat. Bubby's Granola has 23.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bubby's Granola are 1/2 cup vegetable oil, plus more for the baking sheets, 3/4 cup honey, 1/3 cup molasses, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 pounds (10 cups) rolled oats, 3/4 cup pecan pieces, 3/4 cup walnut pieces, 1/4 cup sesame seeds, 1/3 cup pumpkin seeds, 1/3 sunflower seeds, 2 cups raisins.This homemade cereal is hearty, wholesome, and filled with nutritious ingredients such as walnuts, rolled oats, raisins, and sunflower seeds. Granola is very flexible, so you can add whatever fruits and nuts are your personal favorites. This granola is great with milk or yogurt, or even as a topping on pancakes. Because raisins can make the granola soggy, we add them right before serving. The granola keeps well for a long time, so this is a big batch—it makes three pounds. Just keep it in an airtight container and eat it for breakfast all week, as we do at Bubby's or cut it in half to feed a smaller crowd.  Breakfast Brunch Mother's Day Pecan Walnut Oat Healthy Honey Molasses Seed Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.