Bucatini Carbonara with Zucchini recipe.  Cook pancetta in medium skillet over medium heat until brown, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer pancetta to paper towels; drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add cream, garlic, and crushed pepper to drippings in skillet; bring to boil. Set aside. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add zucchini; sauté until tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer to large plate. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pancetta, cream mixture, and zucchini can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain well. Return pasta to pot. Meanwhile, place eggs in their shell in small bowl. Add enough hot water to cover. Let stand 5 minutes. Crack eggs into large bowl and whisk to blend. Bring cream mixture to boil in skillet. Gradually whisk hot cream mixture into eggs. Mix in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese. Add sauce to pasta and toss over medium heat until sauce coats pasta do not boil). Add pancetta and zucchini and toss to heat through. Season with salt and pepper. Serve, passing remaining cheese. Bucatini Carbonara with Zucchini has 598.0 calories. Bucatini Carbonara with Zucchini has 25.0 grams of protein. Bucatini Carbonara with Zucchini has 28.0 grams of fat. Bucatini Carbonara with Zucchini has 500.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bucatini Carbonara with Zucchini are 6 ounces sliced pancetta or bacon, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 pounds zucchini, thinly sliced, 1 pound bucatini or spaghetti, 3 large eggs, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese.A Roman-style pasta carbonara can be presented as a first course, in true Italian fashion.  Milk Cream Pasta Vegetable Appetizer Sauté Parmesan Bacon Zucchini Summer Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.