Buckwheat Crêpe Noodles with Chive Butter recipe. Blend milk, eggs, flours, salt, and pepper in a blender, scraping down sides occasionally, until smooth, then add parsley and 3 tablespoons butter and blend just until incorporated. Lightly brush a 10-inch nonstick skillet with some remaining butter and heat over moderate heat until hot. Fill a 1/4-cup measure three-fourths full of batter, then pour into skillet, tilting and rotating skillet to coat bottom. If batter sets before skillet is coated, reduce heat slightly for next crêpe.) Cook just until underside is set and lightly browned, 10 to 15 seconds, then loosen crêpe with a heatproof plastic spatula and flip over with your fingers. Cook crêpe until other side is just cooked through, about 15 seconds more. Transfer crêpe to a large sheet of wax paper. Make more crêpes in same manner, lightly brushing skillet with more butter as needed between batches and stacking crêpes in 2 piles. Transfer crêpe stacks to a cutting board and cut each stack into 1/2-inch-wide strips, then separate into noodles. Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter a baking pan. Mash together butter and chives with a fork in a small bowl, then add salt and pepper to taste. Spread noodles in baking pan and reheat in oven until hot, about 15 minutes. Melt chive butter along with any remaining melted butter from crêpes) in a small saucepan, then drizzle over noodles. Gently transfer noodles to a warmed serving bowl noodles are delicate). *Available at natural foods stores and some supermarkets. Buckwheat Crêpe Noodles with Chive Butter has 286.0 calories. Buckwheat Crêpe Noodles with Chive Butter has 9.0 grams of protein. Buckwheat Crêpe Noodles with Chive Butter has 19.0 grams of fat. Buckwheat Crêpe Noodles with Chive Butter has 371.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Buckwheat Crêpe Noodles with Chive Butter are 3 cups whole milk, 4 large eggs, 1 cup buckwheat flour*, 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened, 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh chives.Buckwheat — which grows well in cold climates — has a solid place in French-Canadian cuisine. Buckwheat crêpes can be traced back to Brittany, and buckwheat pancakes are a regular part of a Canadian breakfast. These "noodles," made from savory crêpes, are a contemporary twist on this classic dish.  Blender Egg Side Bake Vegetarian Lunch Winter Pan-Fry Chive Parsley Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.