Buckwheat Crepes with Honeyed Ricotta and Sautéed Plums recipe.  To make the crepes: Whisk the flours, salt, milk, buttermilk, butter, and eggs together in a large bowl until very smooth. To save arm power, you can blend the ingredients in a blender instead. Let the batter sit for at least 1 hour at room temperature and up to 1 day in the refrigerator. Rub a small dab of butter 1/2 tablespoon or so) onto the bottom of a 9- or 10-inch nonstick crepe pan or sauté pan over medium heat and wait until it melts completely. Too much butter will make for a soggy crepe.) Pour 1/4 cup of the batter into the hot pan and tilt it in a circular motion to ensure the batter spreads out into an even layer. Cook over low heat until the edges start to pull away from the pan, about 2 minutes. Using a nonstick spatula, carefully flip and cook the other side until golden brown, about 1 minute. Lay the crepe on a large plate and repeat until you've gone through all of the batter it's okay to stack the crepes on the plate). If the crepe pan starts to get too dry, add another little dab of butter. I tend to cook these quickly while the plums are sautéing and assemble them right then, but if you're chatting with friends and taking your time, keep the finished, unfilled crepes warm in a 200°F oven until ready to assemble. To sauté the plums: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the coconut oil. Add the vanilla and honey, swirl the pan so they combine with the coconut oil, and then add the plums. Sauté until juicy and warm, 2 to 3 minutes. To assemble: For each crepe, gently fold the crepe in fourths fold in half, then in half again) and dollop 1 to 2 tablespoons of the Honeyed Ricotta and a few sautéed plums on top. Finish with a generous drizzle of honey. Make Ahead: You can cook the crepes and store them in the refrigerator, stacked between pieces of waxed or parchment paper, for up to 3 days. You can also freeze them for up to 3 months by allowing the crepes to cool completely, wrapping them well in plastic wrap, and placing them in an airtight container. To reheat, place them in a glass baking dish or a pie plate covered with aluminum foil. Heat in a 250°F oven until just warmed through. Buckwheat Crepes with Honeyed Ricotta and Sautéed Plums has 117.0 calories. Buckwheat Crepes with Honeyed Ricotta and Sautéed Plums has 4.0 grams of protein. Buckwheat Crepes with Honeyed Ricotta and Sautéed Plums has 5.0 grams of fat. Buckwheat Crepes with Honeyed Ricotta and Sautéed Plums has 130.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Buckwheat Crepes with Honeyed Ricotta and Sautéed Plums are 1/2 cup / 65 g buckwheat flour, 1/2 cup / 60 g unbleached all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup / 240 ml milk, 3/4 cup / 180 ml buttermilk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for greasing the pan, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoons coconut oil or butter, 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 pound / 450 g Italian plums (6 to 7 plums), each sliced into 6 wedges, Honeyed Ricotta, Honey, for serving.My friend Keena lives less than a mile away and has a plum tree she can't keep up with. In early fall, she makes jam with as many plums as she can and sends me home with a big grocery bag full of them every time I see her. I'm not much of a canner, so I began sautéing them and using them as a topping for yogurt and porridge, and as a filling for these simple buckwheat crepes. While buckwheat groats have a pretty distinct flavor and can be a hard sell for many folks, buckwheat flour is commonly used and adored in both sweet and savory crepes. For this recipe, use oval-shaped Italian plums (or prune plums) if you can; they're nice and firm and lend themselves well to sautéing—or just plain snacking.  Breakfast Brunch Plum Advance Prep Required Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.