Buckwheat Pancakes with Sausage, Scallions and Fried Eggs recipe.  In a large bowl, combine flours, baking powder, and salt. In another medium bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, maple syrup, and melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, and stir to combine. Stir in 1/2 cup scallions. Heat a large skillet or griddle to medium and brush it with reserved sausage fat or vegetable oil. Scoop 1/4 cup of batter per pancake into the skillet. Cook until bubbles start to form on the surface, 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon crumbled sausage onto the top of the pancake. Flip and cook until lightly browned on the bottom, about 1 minute more. Repeat with remaining batter, brushing pan with rendered fat or oil, as needed. Serve pancakes drizzled with maple syrup and topped with fried eggs and sliced scallions. Buckwheat Pancakes with Sausage, Scallions and Fried Eggs has 399.0 calories. Buckwheat Pancakes with Sausage, Scallions and Fried Eggs has 11.0 grams of protein. Buckwheat Pancakes with Sausage, Scallions and Fried Eggs has 31.0 grams of fat. Buckwheat Pancakes with Sausage, Scallions and Fried Eggs has 485.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Buckwheat Pancakes with Sausage, Scallions and Fried Eggs are 1 cup buckwheat flour, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 cups whole milk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, plus 6 fried eggs, for serving, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions, plus more for serving, Vegetable oil, if needed, 1/2 pound breakfast sausage, casings removed if any, cooked and crumbled (rendered fat reserved).Anyone who loves to dip their bacon or sausage in maple syrup will flip for these sweet and savory flapjacks. To complete the trilogy of perfect breakfast foods, we recommend topping your stack with a fried egg before diving in.  Breakfast Brunch Fry Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Sausage Green Onion Scallion Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.