Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing recipe.  Place the bulgur in a large bowl. Add the boiling water and set aside, stirring occasionally, until the bulgur has softened, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain the bulgur, shaking the strainer and gently pressing out excess moisture. Return the bulgur to the bowl. Meanwhile, whisk the lemon juice, honey, cumin, cayenne, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in a small bowl. Whisk in the oil until the dressing is smooth. Add the chickpeas, roasted peppers, and parsley to the bowl with the drained bulgur and stir to combine. Drizzle the dressing over the bulgur mixture and toss to combine. Line each individual plate with several lettuce leaves. Mound some bulgur salad over the lettuce and tuck some pita wedges into the salad at several places around the plate. Serve. Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing has 569.0 calories. Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing has 19.0 grams of protein. Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing has 18.0 grams of fat. Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing has 1021.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bulgur Salad with Chickpeas, Roasted Peppers, and Spiced Cumin Dressing are 1 1/2 cups fine-grain bulgur, 3 cups boiling water, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 6 ounces drained jarred roasted red peppers, diced (about 1 cup), 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 medium head Bibb lettuce, leaves separated, 4 pita breads, warmed and cut into wedges.Fine-grain bulgur, sometimes labeled "good for tabbouleh," is essential to this recipe, because coarsely ground bulgur will not soften when soaked in boiling water. A late-season tomato salad or sautéed cherry tomatoes with Indian flavors complete this meal.  Salad Appetizer Vegetarian Quick & Easy High Fiber Chickpea Bell Pepper Healthy Parsley Bulgur Lettuce Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.