Bulgur and Black-Eyed Pea Salad with Tomatoes, Onions, and Pomegranate Dressing recipe. Combine pomegranate molasses and oil in small bowl. Using garlic press, press garlic into mixture and whisk to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add chopped onion and sauté until translucent, about 6 minutes. Add bulgur; stir 1 minute. Add 2 cups warm water, cover, and simmer until water is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in jalapeño chiles, then black-eyed peas, basil, and green onions. Cover skillet and let stand 5 minutes. Transfer bulgur mixture to large bowl. Mix in dressing. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Just before serving, mix tomatoes into salad and sprinkle with nuts. Bulgur and Black-Eyed Pea Salad with Tomatoes, Onions, and Pomegranate Dressing has 425.0 calories. Bulgur and Black-Eyed Pea Salad with Tomatoes, Onions, and Pomegranate Dressing has 11.0 grams of protein. Bulgur and Black-Eyed Pea Salad with Tomatoes, Onions, and Pomegranate Dressing has 16.0 grams of fat. Bulgur and Black-Eyed Pea Salad with Tomatoes, Onions, and Pomegranate Dressing has 238.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Bulgur and Black-Eyed Pea Salad with Tomatoes, Onions, and Pomegranate Dressing are 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses*, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 cups chopped onion, 2 cups small grain bulgur (about 10 ounces)**, 2 cups warm water, 3 red jalapeño chiles, thinly sliced into rounds, 1 cup canned black-eyed peas, rinsed, drained (from 15 1/2-ounce can), 1 cup chopped fresh basil (preferably purple basil), 3 large green onions, chopped, 2 cups chopped seeded diced plum tomatoes (about 3/4 pound), 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted, chopped, *A thick pomegranate syrup; available at some supermarkets and Middle Eastern markets, and from Adriana's Caravan (adrianascaravan.com)., **Also called cracked wheat; available at supermarkets and natural foods stores..Turkish cooking might sound exotic, but it's easy. Most of the ingredients are familiar, and combining them in new ways makes for an exciting and different way to eat. This is an excellent side salad for lamb chops. For a great small-plates dinner party menu that's modern Turkish cooking at its best, pick up the May issue of Bon Appétit.  Fruit Garlic Herb Nut Onion Pepper Tomato Side Sauté Vegetarian Vegan Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.