Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips recipe.  To make the vinaigrette, pour the vinegar into a small bowl and whisk in 5 tablespoons of the extra virgin olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. Cut the carrots crosswise in half, then cut the halves into thick rough sticks. Toss in a bowl with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, the thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Heat a chapa or large cast-iron skillet over high heat. Working in batches if necessary, add the carrots in a single layer and cook, without turning, until they are charred on the bottom and almost burned, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn with a spatula and cook on the other side for 2 to 3 minutes more, adjusting the heat as necessary, until they are crunchy on the outside and tender within. Transfer to a tray. Wipe out the skillet, if using, and set aside. Combine the parsley and arugula on a large serving platter and toss lightly with half the vinaigrette. Place the carrots on top. Reheat the chapa or skillet to very high heat and coat with the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil. Immediately add the slices of goat cheese: be careful—the oil may spatter. As soon as you see the cheese blacken on the bottom, remove the slices with a thin spatula and invert onto the carrots. Toss the garlic chips over the salad and drizzle with the remaining vinaigrette. Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips has 456.0 calories. Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips has 11.0 grams of protein. Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips has 22.0 grams of fat. Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips has 513.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Burnt Carrots with Goat Cheese, Parsley, Arugula, and Crispy Garlic Chips are 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1/2 cup plus 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 medium carrots (about 1 1/4 pounds), peeled, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 small bunch flat-leaf parsley, leaves only, 2 bunches arugula, trimmed, washed, and dried, 6 ounces Bûcheron or similar goat cheese, sliced 1/2 inch thick, Crispy Garlic Chips.Carrots are like a quiet but secretly remarkable child who doesn't attract much attention. Most often they're simply what you throw into a soup or a braised dish to "add a little sweetness." But it's because of that inner sweetness that they're so suited to charring on a chapa. The sugar caramelizes and produces a delicious crust. They are tossed with nutty garlic chips, peppery arugula, and creamy goat cheese.  Cheese Dairy Leafy Green Herb Vegetable Side Vegetarian Dinner Goat Cheese Arugula Root Vegetable Carrot Parsley Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.