Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Rhubarb-Strawberry Jelly recipe. Place 1/4 cup cold water in a small bowl and sprinkle gelatin over; let stand until softened, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine cream, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan; scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Bring just to a simmer. Add softened gelatin and stir until dissolved. Remove cream mixture from heat; let cool. Remove vanilla pod from cream mixture; discard. Whisk in buttermilk, then crème fraîche. Divide mixture among eight 6-ounce jars, ramekins, or glasses. Chill until set, at least 2 hours. Place strawberries, sugar, and 2 1/2 cups rhubarb in a medium heatproof bowl; stir to combine and cover tightly with plastic wrap, crimping plastic wrap just under rim of bowl. Set bowl over a saucepan of simmering water plastic wrap should not touch saucepan) and cook, without stirring, until mixture looks pale and soft, 40-45 minutes. Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring cup do not push mixture through or jelly will be cloudy); discard solids. Add water, if needed, so liquid measures 1 cup. Place 2 tablespoons cold water in a small bowl and sprinkle gelatin over; let stand until softened, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, bring rhubarb-strawberry liquid to a boil in a small saucepan. Add remaining 1/2 cup rhubarb and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 3 minutes; remove from heat. Add softened gelatin to saucepan and stir until dissolved. Let jelly cool completely. Top chilled panna cotta with jelly, dividing equally. Cover and chill until jelly is firm, 2-4 hours. DO AHEAD: Panna cotta can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Rhubarb-Strawberry Jelly has 210.0 calories. Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Rhubarb-Strawberry Jelly has 3.0 grams of protein. Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Rhubarb-Strawberry Jelly has 13.0 grams of fat. Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Rhubarb-Strawberry Jelly has 156.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Rhubarb-Strawberry Jelly are 1 1/4 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin, 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, 1/3 cup sugar, 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1/4 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, 1 1/4 cups buttermilk, 1 cup crème fraîche or sour cream, 6 ounces strawberries, hulled (about 1 cup), 1/4 cup sugar, 12 ounces rhubarb, trimmed, sliced 1/4" thick (about 3 cups), divided, 1/2 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin.The slight tang of this dessert is complemented by the sweet and sour flavor of the vibrant topping. Because the panna cotta can be made so far in advance, it's an ideal choice for a party.  Milk Cream Dairy Dessert Strawberry Spring Chill Rhubarb Buttermilk Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.