Buttery Barley Risotto with Parmesan Cheese recipe. Bring broth to simmer in medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low and cover to keep warm. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until tender, about 6 minutes. Add barley; stir until coated with butter, about 1 minute. Add 1/2 cup broth; simmer, stirring often, until broth is absorbed, about 3 minutes. Add remaining broth 1/2 cup at a time, allowing broth to be absorbed before adding more and stirring frequently until barley is tender but still firm to bite and risotto is creamy, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add mushrooms, Parmesan cheese, herbs, and remaining 2 tablespoons butter to risotto; stir to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide risotto among bowls and serve. Buttery Barley Risotto with Parmesan Cheese has 405.0 calories. Buttery Barley Risotto with Parmesan Cheese has 17.0 grams of protein. Buttery Barley Risotto with Parmesan Cheese has 16.0 grams of fat. Buttery Barley Risotto with Parmesan Cheese has 187.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Buttery Barley Risotto with Parmesan Cheese are 6 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 6 tablespoons unsalted European-style butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 medium garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups pearl barley (about 13 ounces), rinsed, drained, 1 6-ounce package 3-inch-diameter portobello mushrooms, stemmed, gills scraped, caps sliced, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces), 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil.In this recipe from Rick Tramonto, chef at Tru in Chicago, chewy pearl barley meets silky European butter in an outstanding alternative to arborio rice risotto. For best results, use Parmigiano-Reggiano.  Mushroom Appetizer Side Sauté Parmesan Basil Barley Fall Chive Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.