Butternut Squash, Ricotta, and Sage Crostini recipe.  Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss squash, 2 tablespoons oil, and sugar in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing occasionally, until squash is golden and tender, 25-30 minutes. Let cool on sheet. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add sage; cook until edges begin to curl and turn dark green, 1-2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, carefully transfer to paper towels to drain. Mix ricotta and lemon zest in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Butternut squash, sage leaves, and ricotta can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill squash. Store sage airtight at room temperature. Cover and chill ricotta mixture. Bring squash to room temperature before serving. Spread 1 tablespoon of ricotta mixture on each baguette slice. Top each with a few squash cubes. Drizzle crostini with lemon juice and olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top crostini with 2 fried sage leaves each. Butternut Squash, Ricotta, and Sage Crostini has 129.0 calories. Butternut Squash, Ricotta, and Sage Crostini has 4.0 grams of protein. Butternut Squash, Ricotta, and Sage Crostini has 6.0 grams of fat. Butternut Squash, Ricotta, and Sage Crostini has 78.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Butternut Squash, Ricotta, and Sage Crostini are 1 2-pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded, cut into 1/2" cubes (about 4 cups), 3 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling, 1 1/2 teaspoons (packed) light brown sugar, Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 fresh sage leaves, 3/4 cup fresh ricotta, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 3/8"-thick baguette slices, toasted, Fresh lemon juice.This one's got it all: bright fall colors and sweet-savory appeal.  Appetizer Cocktail Party Quick & Easy Ricotta Butternut Squash Fall Shower Sage Party Bon Appétit Hors D'Oeuvre Wedding Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.