Butter Pecan Shortcakes with Ice Cream and Caramelized Pineapple and Bananas recipe.  Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment. Sift first 5 ingredients into large bowl. Rub in butter with fingertips until mixture resembles very coarse meal. Mix in pecans. Whisk milk, 1 egg, sour cream and vanilla in small bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture and toss just until evenly moistened. Using about 1/2 cup dough per shortcake, drop dough onto prepared sheet in 6 mounds. Using floured hands, shape each mound into ball and return to sheet. Brush each with some egg glaze, then sprinkle with additional sugar. Bake shortcakes until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Can be made 4 hours ahead. Rewarm in 350¡F oven 10 minutes before assembling.) Whisk sugar and butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until butter melts and mixture forms dark caramel sauce, about 4 minutes. Add pineapple and bananas; stir gently until fruit is heated through, about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Cut shortcakes horizontally in half; place bottoms on 6 plates. Top each with ice cream, then with fruit. Lean shortcake tops against ice cream and serve. Butter Pecan Shortcakes with Ice Cream and Caramelized Pineapple and Bananas has 624.0 calories. Butter Pecan Shortcakes with Ice Cream and Caramelized Pineapple and Bananas has 8.0 grams of protein. Butter Pecan Shortcakes with Ice Cream and Caramelized Pineapple and Bananas has 28.0 grams of fat. Butter Pecan Shortcakes with Ice Cream and Caramelized Pineapple and Bananas has 380.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Butter Pecan Shortcakes with Ice Cream and Caramelized Pineapple and Bananas are 2 cups unbleached all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1/2 cup finely chopped pecans, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 1/4 cup chilled sour cream, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon milk (for glaze), Additional sugar, 6 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 20-ounce can pineapple slices in juice, drained well, patted dry, cut into 3/4-inch pieces, 2 large bananas, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, Butter pecan ice cream.Don't save shortcakes just for strawberry season. They're also delicious served with other fruits, like this tropical combination.  Fruit Dessert Bake Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Kentucky Derby Banana Pineapple Pecan Summer Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.