Butternut Squash Soup with Pumpkin Butter recipe.  Preheat the oven to 375 °F. Spray a 9 x 13-inch baking dish with the vegetable oil spray. Place the squash halves, cut side down, in the prepared dish. Pierce the skin sides several times with a fork. Bake until the squash is tender, about 45 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Using a large spoon, scrape the flesh from the cooked squash into a food processor. Discard the skins. Add 1 1/2 cups of the chicken broth, the cinnamon, marjoram, thyme, and nutmeg and puree until smooth. Transfer the puree to a large saucepan. Whisk the milk into the soup over medium heat. If you prefer a thinner consistency, add the remaining broth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into warmed bowls. Top with a dollop of pumpkin butter and sprinkle with chopped pistachio nuts before serving. Butternut Squash Soup with Pumpkin Butter has 517.0 calories. Butternut Squash Soup with Pumpkin Butter has 5.0 grams of protein. Butternut Squash Soup with Pumpkin Butter has 48.0 grams of fat. Butternut Squash Soup with Pumpkin Butter has 59.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Butternut Squash Soup with Pumpkin Butter are Vegetable oil spray, 1 2-pound butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded, 2 cups low-sodium chicken broth, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, Pinch of grated nutmeg, 1 cup milk or half-and-half, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 10-ounce jar pumpkin butter, Chopped pistachio nuts.At the first nip in the air, I start looking for fresh butternut squash at farmers' markets, just so I can make this soup. Considered a Thanksgiving classic, this versatile and universally loved soup is simply too tasty to enjoy only once a year. Now that peeled and precut butternut squash is available in grocery stores year-round, you can make this easy three-step—roast, blend, and simmer—soup anytime you like. Like apple or pear butter, pumpkin butter is gently cooked with some sugar until it's smooth and has a buttery texture. Look for pumpkin butter near the jams and jellies in your grocery store.  Soup Stew Milk Cream Food Processor Dairy Side Bake Christmas Hanukkah Thanksgiving Dinner Lunch Buffet Pistachio Squash Butternut Squash Pumpkin Fall Winter Simmer Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.