Capellini with Fresh Ricotta, Roasted Garlic, Corn, and Herbs recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Place head of garlic on sheet of foil. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons oil; wrap foil around garlic and crimp to seal tightly. Place garlic and corn on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until corn is tender and garlic is soft, about 25 minutes for corn and 40 minutes for garlic. Cool slightly. Squeeze garlic out of skins into large bowl; add any oil from foil. Add lemon juice, lemon peel, and 3 tablespoons oil; mash garlic, then whisk mixture. Shuck corn; cut kernels from cob and transfer to same bowl. Meanwhile, cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Rinse with cold water; drain well. Place in medium bowl; toss with 1 tablespoon oil. Using kitchen shears, cut pasta crosswise several times. Add pasta, greens, radicchio, ricotta, grated Parmesan, and herbs to bowl with garlic mixture; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with shaved Parmesan. Capellini with Fresh Ricotta, Roasted Garlic, Corn, and Herbs has 429.0 calories. Capellini with Fresh Ricotta, Roasted Garlic, Corn, and Herbs has 15.0 grams of protein. Capellini with Fresh Ricotta, Roasted Garlic, Corn, and Herbs has 22.0 grams of fat. Capellini with Fresh Ricotta, Roasted Garlic, Corn, and Herbs has 182.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Capellini with Fresh Ricotta, Roasted Garlic, Corn, and Herbs are 1 large head of garlic, top 1/2 inch cut off, 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 4 ears of fresh corn with husks, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 8 ounces capellini, 2 cups (loosely packed) mixed greens, 2 cups torn radicchio leaves, 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese (7 to 8 ounces), 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese plus shaved Parmesan for garnish, 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives, 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill.Fresh ricotta cheese (available at some supermarkets and at Italian markets) and good-quality olive oil are the keys to this great salty-sweet dish.  Garlic Leafy Green Herb Vegetarian High Fiber Father's Day Dinner Ricotta Basil Corn Summer Healthy Chive Dill Parsley Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.