Caponata recipe. Peel eggplants, leaving some strips of peel, then cut into 1-inch cubes and spread on half of a kitchen towel. Sprinkle eggplant with salt, then cover with other half of towel and weight with a baking sheet topped with 2 or 3 large cans for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1/2 cup oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onion, stirring, until pale golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add celery and cook, stirring, until onion and celery are deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add olives, capers, and 2 tablespoons sugar and cook, stirring, 2 minutes, then stir in vinegar and tomatoes. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. If sauce is very acidic, add 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar to taste). Transfer to a bowl and keep warm, covered. Rinse eggplant in a colander under running water, then squeeze dry in small handfuls. Heat remaining cup oil in cleaned skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then fry eggplant in 2 batches, turning occasionally with tongs, until tender and browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes per batch. Transfer as cooked to paper towels to drain, then transfer to a large shallow serving dish in an even layer. Spoon sauce on top, spreading evenly, and let stand, covered with a kitchen towel, at room temperature, at least 8 hours for flavors to develop). Stir before serving. Caponata has 295.0 calories. Caponata has 2.0 grams of protein. Caponata has 28.0 grams of fat. Caponata has 789.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Caponata are 2 lb small Italian eggplants (about 4), 1 tablespoon kosher salt or 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion (1 medium), 4 medium celery ribs, cut crosswise into very thin, 1/3 cup large green Sicilian olives (1 3/4 oz), pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 3/4 oz Italian capers packed in salt (1/3 cup), rinsed well, 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 1/3 cup white-wine vinegar, 1 (14- to 15-oz) can whole tomatoes in juice, drained and chopped (1 cup).The levels of sweet and sour in caponata vary from household to household. In this version, the onions and celery are caramelized for incredible depth of flavor—which improves over time.  Condiment Spread Olive Onion Tomato Vegetable Side Eggplant Capers Gourmet Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.