Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread recipe. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and next 4 ingredients. Cover; cook until vegetables release their juices, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Uncover; sauté until juices evaporate, about 10 minutes. Add garlic; cook until vegetables are very tender and just beginning to brown, about 12 minutes longer. Cool completely. Puree vegetable mixture and sour cream in processor until almost smooth. Season generously with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with capers. Preheat broiler. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Brush both sides of bread slices with 1/3 cup oil. Toast about 2 minutes per side. Cool. Serve with spread. A combination of dried thyme, basil, savory and fennel seeds can be substituted for herbes de Provence. Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread has 432.0 calories. Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread has 12.0 grams of protein. Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread has 25.0 grams of fat. Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread has 350.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Caramelized Onion and Sour Cream Spread are 3 tablespoons plus 1/3 cup olive oil, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 1 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1/2 fennel bulb, cored, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon sugar, 8 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1/3 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 18 4x1 1/2x1/4-inch slices olive bread.Leaping off the backs of onion-soup-mix boxes and showing up at cocktail parties everywhere, Lipton’s sour cream-and-onion dip took the country by storm. Convenient and quick, the dip also tasted great on potato chips, without which, in the fifties anyway, it wasn’t a party. These days it isn’t a party without little toasts topped by something Mediterranean-hence this zesty update.  Condiment Spread Dairy Onion Appetizer Sauté Fall Sour Cream Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.