Caramel Custards with Ginger (Cremes Caramels au Gingembre) recipe. Preheat oven to 325°F. Bring water, 1/2 cup sugar, and fresh ginger to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, washing down any sugar crystals from side of pan with a brush dipped in cold water. Boil gently, without stirring, 6 minutes syrup will be foamy). Transfer ginger with a slotted spoon to a small bowl. Cook syrup remaining in pan over moderate heat, undisturbed, until it becomes a deep caramel. Divide caramel among ramekins, tilting to thinly coat caramel may not cover bottoms completely). Whisk together yolks, whole eggs, and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Bring milk, remaining 1/2 cup sugar, and cooked ginger just to a boil in cleaned pan. Add half of sweetened milk to eggs in a slow stream, whisking constantly but gently, then stir in remainder. Excessive whisking incorporates air and will result in a custard with many holes.) Pour custard through a very fine sieve into a bowl and discard solids. Divide custard among ramekins and cover each tightly with foil. Put ramekins in a water bath and bake in middle of oven until set around edges with centers still wobbly, 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer ramekins with a slotted spatula to a rack and cool crèmes caramels to room temperature centers will set as they cool). Serve in ramekins or inverted onto a plate. To invert, run a thin knife around edge of each ramekin. Invert a plate over each ramekin and, holding plate and ramekin tightly together, invert crème caramel onto plate Caramel Custards with Ginger (Cremes Caramels au Gingembre) has 361.0 calories. Caramel Custards with Ginger (Cremes Caramels au Gingembre) has 10.0 grams of protein. Caramel Custards with Ginger (Cremes Caramels au Gingembre) has 11.0 grams of fat. Caramel Custards with Ginger (Cremes Caramels au Gingembre) has 98.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Caramel Custards with Ginger (Cremes Caramels au Gingembre) are 1/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1/4 cup chopped peeled fresh ginger (2 ounces), 4 large egg yolks, 2 large whole eggs, 2 cups whole milk, Garnish: crystallized ginger, Special equipment: 4 (6-ounce) ramekins. Milk Cream Egg Ginger Dessert Bake Bastille Day Ramekin Gourmet.