Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing recipe.  Mash the cheese in a small bowl with a fork. Add the remaining ingredients and whisk until combined but still a bit lumpy. Combine the orange, grapefruit, mango, and pear slices in a medium bowl. Add the shredded coconut, dates, and almonds, then sprinkle with the cardamom, add the coconut water, and thoroughly toss the salad. Add the dressing and toss together. Divided the salad among individual bowls or serve it in a large bowl for a family-style dinner. Garnish with more chopped dates and some parsley, if desired. Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing has 297.0 calories. Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing has 6.0 grams of protein. Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing has 9.0 grams of fat. Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing has 546.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cardamom Ambrosia Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing are 2 1/2 ounces blue cheese, 3 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 oranges, cut into suprêmes, 1 grapefruit, cut into suprêmes, 2 Champagne mangoes, peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced, 2 Anjou pears, cored and thinly sliced, 1/2 cup shredded fresh coconut, 3 ounces pitted dates, coarsely chopped, plus more for garnish, 1/4 cup slivered almonds, 3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons coconut water, Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish.Most people think of ambrosia salad as a cloud of chunky white fruit in a glass bowl with neatly arranged canned mandarins on top. But we've evolved from those dark ages, and it's high time this salad got a makeover. Ambrosia can be reeeaally delicious, if made with the best, freshest ingredients. If you are even thinking about using dried coconut flakes from a bag, don't bother with this. Sweet fresh coconut meat is what makes it a standout.  Side Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Dinner Lunch Blue Cheese Grapefruit Orange Date Mango Almond Spring Summer Healthy Sour Cream Buttermilk Cardamom Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.