Carolina-Style Pork BBQ Sandwiches recipe.  Spray the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray. Put the onions in the slow cooker. Make slits in the pork roast and insert
the garlic cloves. Rub salt, pepper, brown sugar, and red pepper flakes into
the meat. Place the pork in the slow cooker fat side up and pour in the
vinegar and apple cider. Cover and cook on low for at least 10 hours and up
to 12 hours, until the meat is falling-apart tender. Transfer the meat to a large bowl and shred it with two forks. Set aside. Pour 2 cups of the pan juices into a measuring cup; discard any leftover juices still in the pot. Let cool and skim off any visible fat. Pour this liquid into a saucepan. Add the water, ketchup, cider vinegar, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, paprika, dry mustard, and red pepper flakes. Bring to a boil and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Return the shredded pork to the slow cooker and add 1 cup of the sauce mixture more if you like it wet). Give it a stir and set the slow cooker to warm until ready to serve. Serve the pork straight from the slow cooker with a slotted spoon, along
with buns, slaw, and hot sauce. Serve the additional sauce on the side. Carolina-Style Pork BBQ Sandwiches has 422.0 calories. Carolina-Style Pork BBQ Sandwiches has 55.0 grams of protein. Carolina-Style Pork BBQ Sandwiches has 16.0 grams of fat. Carolina-Style Pork BBQ Sandwiches has 1370.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Carolina-Style Pork BBQ Sandwiches are 2 large onions, sliced, 5-pound boneless pork shoulder roast, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup apple cider or apple juice, 2 cups cooking liquid (reserved from the slow-cooked pork), 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/4 cup cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and black pepper, Buns, slaw, and hot sauce.Arguably, some of the best ‘cue in the country can be found in North Carolina, where two distinct types of slow-cooked
pig prevail. The first is Eastern barbecue, which is distinguished by slow-cooking a whole hog and including
both the white and dark meat in chopped sandwiches and platters. Eastern ‘cue boasts just a hint of vinegar and
red pepper, which is added to the meat mix rather than used as a sauce. Western North Carolina ‘cue (aka Lexington-style)
is made from pork shoulder only. In addition to incorporating plenty of vinegar, sugar, and spices, it also mixes
in a good amount of ketchup to create an actual sauce for the pork. This slow-cooker recipe falls somewhere in between.
If you like, you can skip the sauce altogether and enjoy a basic roasted pork, which is not only fantastic on
a bun with slaw and hot sauce, but is great for making burritos, barbecue pizza, or nachos.
I recommend using a 5- to 6-quart slow cooker for this recipe in order to comfortably fit the pork shoulder. You can
also cut this recipe in half and use a smaller slow cooker.  Pork Sandwich Grill Barbecue North Carolina.