Carrot-Beef Sushi with Caper-Basil Mustard recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet not nonstick) over medium-high heat until hot, about 2 minutes. Meanwhile, pat steaks dry and sprinkle all over with 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper total). Add vegetable oil to hot skillet, swirling to coat bottom, then brown steaks, turning once, about 4 minutes total. Transfer steaks to a small shallow baking pan and roast in oven 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and cool about 30 minutes. While steaks cool, cut carrots lengthwise into 42 1-inch-wide) ribbons less than 1/16 inch thick) with an adjustable-blade slicer or a vegetable peeler. Cook ribbons in a pot of boiling salted water 2 tablespoons salt for 4 quarts water), uncovered, until just tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath to stop cooking. Carefully drain, then pat ribbons dry. Whisk together basil, parsley, mustard, shallots, capers, and garlic in a small bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Trim fat and gristle from steaks, then cut each lengthwise into 3 3/4- to 1-inch-wide) strips. Place a sushi mat with slats running crosswise or a 9-inch square of parchment paper on a work surface. Arrange 6 to 8 carrot ribbons side by side lengthwise, following slats and slightly overlapping, to form a 6-inch square. Spread about 1 tablespoon of mustard sauce evenly across bottom half of carrot square, then lay 1 strip of steak across carrots 1 inch from edge nearest you. Roll up carrots and beef tightly, using sushi mat as an aid. Transfer beef roll, seam side down, to a cutting board, then trim ends and cut crosswise into about 10 1/2-inch) pieces. Make and cut 5 more rolls. Turn pieces upright to serve. Carrot-Beef Sushi with Caper-Basil Mustard has 34.0 calories. Carrot-Beef Sushi with Caper-Basil Mustard has 2.0 grams of protein. Carrot-Beef Sushi with Caper-Basil Mustard has 3.0 grams of fat. Carrot-Beef Sushi with Caper-Basil Mustard has 22.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Carrot-Beef Sushi with Caper-Basil Mustard are 2 (1-inch-thick) boneless beef top loin (strip) steaks (about 1 1/4 pounds total), 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound large carrots (2 to 4), trimmed to 6 inches long, 3 tablespoons chopped basil, 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 1 tablespoon drained capers, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, Garnish: flaky sea salt such as Maldon.Trompe l'oeil as much as hors d'oeuvres, these rolls use carrot where nori would usually be at a sushi bar and boneless beef top loin instead of tuna. The pungent mustard sauce is an artful counterpoint to the sweet carrot.  Beef Mustard Sauté Cocktail Party Basil Carrot Parsley Capers Gourmet.