Carrot Cardamom Soup recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large nonreactive stockpot over medium heat. Add the onion, ginger, spice blend, carrots, red pepper, and potatoes. Stir to coat the vegetables with the spices and then sauté until the onion is translucent and the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Add the chicken stock, white wine, and brown sugar. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the heat. Transfer the mixture, in batches, to a blender or food processor and process until smooth. Return the soup to the pot and reheat over low heat. Stir in the lime juice and parsley; add the butter and salt and pepper, and heat until the butter is melted. Serve in individual bowls, each garnished with a lime slice. Carrot Cardamom Soup has 593.0 calories. Carrot Cardamom Soup has 17.0 grams of protein. Carrot Cardamom Soup has 25.0 grams of fat. Carrot Cardamom Soup has 1385.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Carrot Cardamom Soup are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon Cardamom Spice Blend, 5 large carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch dice, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into 1/4-inch dice, 1 medium Idaho potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 medium sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch pieces, 8 cups Chicken Stock for Asian Bowls [or other chicken stock], 2 cups dry white wine, 1 tablespoon (packed) light brown sugar, 1/2 cup fresh lime juice, 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian (flat-leaf) parsley, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, in pieces, salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, lime slices, for garnish.Aromatic spice and herb blends can quickly turn an ordinary soup recipe into something extraordinary. Here they transform a basic carrot soup into a special concoction you'll crave again and again. So start utilizing the "cook once, eat twice" theory; just freeze half of the recipe or make a double batch whenever possible.  Soup Stew Ginger Potato Vegetable Sauté Vegetarian Dinner Lunch Lime Spice Carrot Fall Healthy Parsley Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.