Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs recipe.  Preheat oven to 450°F. Butter a 2-quart shallow baking dish. Cook cauliflower in a 5- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain cauliflower well in a colander and transfer to baking dish. While cauliflower cooks, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk in a slow stream, whisking, and bring to a boil, whisking frequently. Reduce heat and simmer sauce, whisking occasionally, 8 minutes. Remove from heat and add cheese, scallion greens, salt, and pepper, whisking until cheese is melted. Pour cheese sauce over cauliflower and stir gently to combine. Coarsely crumble crackers into a bowl. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan, then remove from heat and stir in horseradish. Pour over crumbs and toss to coat. Sprinkle crumb topping evenly over cauliflower. Bake gratin until topping is golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs has 250.0 calories. Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs has 11.0 grams of protein. Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs has 16.0 grams of fat. Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs has 445.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cauliflower Cheddar Gratin with Horseradish Crumbs are 3 lb cauliflower (1 large head), cut into 1 1/2- to 2-inch florets, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 cups whole milk, 6 oz sharp Cheddar, coarsely grated (2 cups), 1/2 cup finely chopped scallion greens, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 20 (2-inch) square saltine crackers, 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish.We think of this gratin as a vegetable-driven version of everyone's favorite, mac and cheese. The nutty, sweet undertones of cauliflower are particularly suited to meld with the tangy, salty Cheddar and the spicy horseradish.  Milk Cream Side Bake Vegetarian Quick & Easy Casserole Gratin Horseradish Cheddar Cauliflower Fall Winter Gourmet.