Cauliflower  Couscous  With Dried Fruit and Almonds recipe.  Toast almonds in a large dry skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl. Wipe out skillet. Meanwhile, working in batches if needed, pulse cauliflower in a food processor fitted with blade, or grate using the largest holes of a box grater until rice-like in texture you should have about 4 cups). Whisk broth and honey together in a small bowl. Heat oil in same skillet over medium-high. Add cumin, turmeric, paprika, and cinnamon and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Immediately add cauliflower and stir to coat. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until cauliflower is softened, 3–5 minutes. Add broth mixture, currants, and apricots; stir to combine. Cover and continue to cook until just tender, 3–5 minutes more. Transfer cauliflower mixture to a serving platter and stir in half of almonds. Top with remaining almonds before serving. Cauliflower  Couscous  With Dried Fruit and Almonds has 162.0 calories. Cauliflower  Couscous  With Dried Fruit and Almonds has 5.0 grams of protein. Cauliflower  Couscous  With Dried Fruit and Almonds has 7.0 grams of fat. Cauliflower  Couscous  With Dried Fruit and Almonds has 315.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cauliflower  Couscous  With Dried Fruit and Almonds are 1/4 cup sliced almonds, 1 medium head cauliflower (about 2 pounds), coarsely chopped, 1/2 cup low-sodium vegetable or chicken broth, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin, 3/4 teaspoon ground turmeric, 3/4 teaspoon paprika, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 cup dried currants or raisins, 1/4 cup sliced dried apricots.We swap in richly spiced cauliflower "rice" for semolina in this nutritious and gluten-free take on couscous. Serve it as a side for grilled vegetables or meats or hearty stews like Easy Lamb Tagine with Pomegranate.  New Year's Eve Couscous Cauliflower Wheat Gluten-Free Almond Vegetarian Vegan Dried Fruit Raisin Currant Spice Paprika Healthy.