Cauliflower and Shrimp Caldin recipe.  Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Pierce softest eye of coconut with a metal skewer or small screwdriver and drain liquid. Bake coconut 15 minutes. Break shell with a hammer or back of a heavy cleaver and remove flesh, prying it out carefully with tip of a flat-head screwdriver. Remove brown membrane with a sharp paring knife or vegetable peeler. Coarsely chop one third of coconut reserve remainder for another use) and finely grind in a blender. Measure out 1/2 cup ground coconut reserve remainder for another use) and purée with garlic, half of onion, and 1/2 cup water in blender until a paste forms. Cook remaining onion in oil in a wide 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add coconut paste, cumin, turmeric, and chile and cook at a bare simmer do not let boil), stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in 2 cups water and cook at a bare simmer do not let boil), uncovered, 15 minutes. Add cauliflower and cook at a bare simmer do not let boil), uncovered, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. While cauliflower cooks, toss shrimp with 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Gently mash tamarind pulp with remaining 2 tablespoons water in another small bowl until pulp is softened. Force pulp through a sieve into a bowl, discarding seeds and thick fibers. Pat shrimp dry and stir into cauliflower along with tamarind, canned coconut milk, and vinegar. Bring to a bare simmer do not let boil) and cook until shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Stir in remaining teaspoon salt. *Available at Indian markets and Kalustyan's 800-352-3451; kalustyans.com). The ingredients of Cauliflower and Shrimp Caldin are 1 heavy coconut (without any cracks and containing liquid), 3 garlic cloves, 1 small onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced lengthwise, 2 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, ground in an electric coffee/spice grinder, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 (4-inch) fresh red chile, halved lengthwise, keeping stem intact, 1 large head cauliflower (2 1/2 pounds), cut into 1-inch-wide florets, 1/2 pound medium shrimp (31 to 35 per pound), peeled, leaving tail and first segment of shell intact, and deveined, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1 (1-inch) piece tamarind from a pliable block*, 1 (13- to 14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk* (preferably Chaokoh brand), 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, Accompaniment: steamed basmati rice.A caldin is a coconut curry, typical of Goa. Though caldins are made with fresh coconut milk in India, chef Cardoz uses Chaokoh brand canned unsweetened coconut milk. It's thicker and richer than other brands, and imparts a great deal of flavor. It's important not to let the caldin boil during cooking, or the coconut sauce will break.  Shellfish Vegetable Bake Diwali Vinegar Coconut Shrimp Spice Cauliflower Fall Gourmet.