Cauliflower with Tarator Sauce recipe. Soak bread in a bowl of water 30 seconds, then squeeze dry and set aside. Drop garlic into a food processor with motor running, then drop in nuts and process until finely ground. Add bread and 3 tablespoons lemon juice and process until smooth. With motor still running, add oil in a slow, steady stream until incorporated. Transfer to a bowl, then stir in salt and pepper and lemon juice to taste. Remove any leaves from cauliflower, leaving core intact. Cut cauliflower into 1/2-inch-thick slices as if it were a loaf of bread, then cut slices into 2-inch pieces some florets will separate). Bring cauliflower to a boil with enough water to cover it in a 4- to 5-quart pot, then reduce heat and simmer until just tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain well in a colander and pat dry. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté half of cauliflower, turning over occasionally, until very well browned on both sides, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a platter with a slotted spatula and season with salt and pepper. Wipe out skillet, then sauté remaining cauliflower in remaining 2 tablespoons oil in same manner, transferring to platter and seasoning. Serve cauliflower, warm or at room temperature, with sauce and celery leaves if using). Cauliflower with Tarator Sauce has 441.0 calories. Cauliflower with Tarator Sauce has 7.0 grams of protein. Cauliflower with Tarator Sauce has 41.0 grams of fat. Cauliflower with Tarator Sauce has 301.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cauliflower with Tarator Sauce are 2 slices firm white sandwich bread, crusts removed, 2 garlic cloves, 1/2 cup pine nuts (2 1/2 ounces), toasted and cooled, 1/2 cup walnuts (1 1/2 ounces), toasted and cooled, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1 medium head cauliflower (about 2 1/2 pounds), 1/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced celery leaves (optional).The garlic-nut sauce known as tarator, which sometimes also includes tahini, is a classic Turkish accompaniment to mussels and fried fish as well as vegetables. Here, it's used with cauliflower that is sliced — rather than separated into florets — so that it can be more easily browned, which gives it a nutty flavor that complements the tarator perfectly.  Food Processor Citrus Garlic Nut Sauté Vegetarian Pine Nut Walnut Cauliflower Vegan Gourmet.