Cauliflower Rice Tabbouleh recipe. Grate cauliflower with the coarse grater disk on a food processor or the largest holes on a box grater until rice-like in texture. Transfer to a large, microwave-safe bowl and toss with 1 Tbsp. oil and 1/4 tsp. salt. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high 3 minutes. Carefully remove plastic wrap, spread cauliflower "rice" on a rimmed baking sheet, and let cool. Wipe out food processor, if necessary, and fit with chopping blade. Pulse parsley, mint, scallions, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice, 3/4 tsp. salt, and remaining 1/4 cup oil until herbs are coarsely chopped. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in red pepper flakes. Add cauliflower, cucumber, and tomatoes and gently toss to coat. Season with additional salt, if necessary. Cauliflower "rice" can be made 3 days ahead. Chill in a resealable container. Cauliflower Rice Tabbouleh has 218.0 calories. Cauliflower Rice Tabbouleh has 5.0 grams of protein. Cauliflower Rice Tabbouleh has 18.0 grams of fat. Cauliflower Rice Tabbouleh has 64.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cauliflower Rice Tabbouleh are 1/2 medium head of cauliflower (about 1 pound), coarsely chopped, 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 teaspoon (or more) kosher salt, divided, 2 cups (packed) flat-leaf parsley leaves with tender stems, 1 cup (packed) mint leaves, 2 scallions, white and pale-green parts only, sliced, 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1/2 medium cucumber (about 8 1/2" long), cut into 1/4" pieces, 6 ounces cherry tomatoes, quartered.This modern take on the classic Middle Eastern bulgur and herb salad swaps grains for cauliflower "rice," making it nutritious and gluten-free. Serve it as a side dish for roasted or grilled meats or mix it with leafy greens for a healthy salad.  Quick and Healthy Parsley Green Onion Scallion Lemon Juice Cucumber Tomato Mint Cauliflower Lunch Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.