Caviar Tart recipe. Put 1/2 cup sour cream in a paper-towel-lined sieve set over a bowl, then let drain, covered with plastic wrap and chilled, 3 hours. Stir together remaining 1/4 cup sour cream, eggs, onion, butter, dill, zest, salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon chives until combined well. Invert bottom of springform pan so that turned-up edge is underneath for easy removal of tart) and close side of pan around bottom. Spread egg mixture evenly in pan with offset spatula, smoothing top. Cover surface with plastic wrap, pressing gently, and chill until firm, at least 3 hours. Spread drained sour cream evenly over egg mixture with offset spatula. Gently spread half of caviar on several sheets of paper towels to absorb excess cuttlefish ink. Carefully lift caviar from paper towels and spread on top of egg mixture be careful not to smash caviar). Repeat method with remaining caviar. Serve cut into wedges and sprinkled with remaining chives, if desired. Caviar Tart has 198.0 calories. Caviar Tart has 8.0 grams of protein. Caviar Tart has 18.0 grams of fat. Caviar Tart has 394.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Caviar Tart are 3/4 cup sour cream, 8 hard-boiled large eggs, finely chopped, 1/2 cup finely chopped onion (1 medium), 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 7 oz black lumpfish caviar (see cooks' note below), Special equipment: a 9-inch nonstick springform pan; a small offset spatula, Accompaniments: lemon wedges; 16 thin slices whole-wheat toast, buttered, then halved or quartered diagonally.Hard-boiled eggs, sour cream, and onion are traditional accompaniments for caviar. In this longtime staple of community cookbooks, they are turned into a shallow cake and spread with caviar. We used supermarket lumpfish caviar, but if you're feeling flush, use the good stuff, or even Japanese tobiko (flying-fish roe).  Egg Fish Appetizer No-Cook Cocktail Party Quick & Easy Sour Cream Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.