Ceciarchiata Taiglach recipe.  Put the eggs, flour, and salt in a bowl and stir to make a soft dough. Turn out on a floured working surface and knead the dough 1-2 minutes. Shape it into a ball, flatten it with your hands, and sprinkle it lightly with flour. Roll the dough out to a rectangle about 1/4 inch thick. With a sharp knife or a pizza cutter, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips and dredge these long strips in flour. Then cut them into chickpea-size bits, and again dredge with flour to prevent them from sticking to each other. Scoop up the bits in a large sifter to remove the excess flour. Heat the oil in a small saucepan or wok and fry a handful of the bits at a time until lightly golden, stirring so they are an even color. Drain on paper towels and cool. You can also bake them, one third at a time, on an ungreased cookie sheet on the middle rack of a preheated 400° oven for 7 minutes. Bring the honey to a boil in a 6-cup heavy casserole and simmer over moderately high heat for 3 minutes. Add all the dough balls, the toasted and chopped hazelnuts, and the lemon peel and juice; cook over lower heat 7 minutes. Bring the honey to a boil in a 6-cup heavy casserole and simmer over moderately high heat for 3 minutes. Add all the dough balls, the toasted and chopped hazelnuts, and the lemon peel and juice; cook over lower heat 7 minutes longer, stirring constantly. Spread the toasted almonds over an oiled round serving platter and pour the hot mixture on top. Let it settle for a few minutes. When the mixture is cool enough to be handled, shape it into a circle with the help of a spoon and your moistened hands. Let it cool thoroughly at room temperature. It will harden a little. Either break off pieces with your fingers or cut into 2-inch segments. Ceciarchiata Taiglach has 307.0 calories. Ceciarchiata Taiglach has 7.0 grams of protein. Ceciarchiata Taiglach has 10.0 grams of fat. Ceciarchiata Taiglach has 228.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ceciarchiata Taiglach are 3 large eggs, slightly beaten, 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup olive or vegetable oil, 1 cup honey, 1/2 cup toasted and coarsely chopped hazelnuts*, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 cup toasted and coarsely chopped almonds*, *Mrs. Machlin suggests toasting whole hazelnuts and almonds by preheating the oven to 550° and placing the nuts on a cookie sheet on the middle rack. Roast for 4-5 minutes, shaking the pan a couple of times. Watch them carefully, so they don't burn. Allow the nuts to cool for at least 10 minutes before chopping them very briefly in a blender or food processor..Taiglach (little pieces of fried dough dredged in honey) are eaten for celebratory occasions like Rosh Hashanah, Sukkot, Simchat Torah, Chanukah, Purim, weddings, and births. Ceciarchiata means "chickpeas" or "little bits" in Italian. This festive taiglach is similar in nature to the French croquembouche, though it's a crown, not a mountain. It is a spectacular centerpiece with its clusters of dough and nuts, and is totally addictive.  Citrus Egg Nut Dessert Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Kosher Pastry Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Soy Free.