Celery-Root and Potato Latkes recipe.  Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 250°F. Coarsely grate celery root into a bowl using the 1/3-inch-wide holes of a box grater. Peel potatoes and coarsely grate into a large bowl. Add lemon juice and toss. Coarsely grate onions into same bowl. Transfer to towel, then gather up corners to form a sack and twist tightly to wring out as much liquid as possible. Return potatoes and onions to cleaned bowl and stir in celery root, flour, eggs, salt, pepper, and celery seeds until combined well. Heat 1/3 inch oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Fill a 1/4-cup measure not tightly packed) with latke mixture and carefully spoon it into skillet, then flatten to 3 inches in diameter with a slotted spatula. Form 3 more latkes in skillet, then fry until undersides are deep golden, 1 1/2 to 3 minutes. Turn over using 2 spatulas and fry until deep golden all over, 1 1/2 to 3 minutes more. If latkes brown too quickly, lower heat to moderate.) Transfer to paper towels to drain briefly. Keep warm in 1 layer on a metal rack set in a shallow baking pan in oven. Make more latkes in same manner. Use a second rack and baking pan to keep last batches warm. Celery-Root and Potato Latkes has 139.0 calories. Celery-Root and Potato Latkes has 2.0 grams of protein. Celery-Root and Potato Latkes has 11.0 grams of fat. Celery-Root and Potato Latkes has 123.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Celery-Root and Potato Latkes are 1 large celery root (celeriac; 1 1/2 lb), peeled with a knife, 1 1/2 lb large russet (baking) potatoes (about 3 large), 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 lb onions, quartered, 2/3 cup all-purpose flour, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground celery seeds, About 1 1/2 cups vegetable oil, Special equipment: a kitchen towel (not terry cloth).You can shred the potatoes, onions, and celery root in a food processor with the shredding disk. However, you'll need to use 5 eggs (instead of 4) because the machine grates more coarsely and the mixture will require more binding.  Cake Potato Vegetable Side Fry Sauté Hanukkah Vegetarian Kosher Simmer Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.