Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" recipe.  Combine first 7 ingredients in heavy large pot. Add enough water to cover. Sprinkle with salt. Bring to boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer with lid slightly ajar until vegetables are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain; return to pot. Discard thyme sprigs and bay leaf. Stir over medium heat to dry vegetables. Using potato masher, mash vegetables until coarsely pureed. Mash in 3 1/2 tablespoons butter. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl; cover and chill. Rewarm in microwave before serving. Preheat oven to 425°F. Cut Jerusalem artichokes into 1/2-inch cubes. Place in medium bowl; add oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Dot with remaining 1/2 tablespoon butter. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet; roast until tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 25 minutes. Place celery root and potato puree in serving bowl. Sprinkle Jerusalem artichokes and chopped thyme over and serve. Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" has 431.0 calories. Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" has 13.0 grams of protein. Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" has 19.0 grams of fat. Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" has 297.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Celery Root and Potato Puree with Roasted Jerusalem Artichoke "Croutons" are 2 medium celery roots (celeriac; 1 3/4 pounds total), trimmed, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 8 cups), 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 3 cups), 2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 2 cups whole milk, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 fresh bay leaf, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided, 8 ounces Jerusalem artichokes (also called sunchokes), scrubbed, 1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme (for garnish), Ingredient info: Jerusalem artichokes, the tubers of a variety of sunflower, are available in the produce section of some supermarkets and at farmers' markets..Simmering the celery root and potatoes in a combination of broth and milk enriches the flavor without weighing down the mash. Roasted cubes of Jerusalem artichokes make a great finishing touch. Serve the puree with roasted chicken or pork.  Milk Cream Potato Side High Fiber Celery Jerusalem Artichoke Fall Simmer Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.