Celery Root Anna with Bacon and Olives recipe. Preheat oven to 400° F. Cook bacon until crisp and crumble. Melt butter and lightly brush over bottom and sides of a well-seasoned cast-iron or non-stick 10-inch skillet. With a sharp knife peel celery root and, using a mandoline or other manual slicer, cut crosswise into 1/16-inch-thick slices. Arrange 1 slice in center of skillet and arrange one layer of slices around center slice in a concentric circle, overlapping them slightly. Lightly brush layer with some of melted butter being careful not to move slices) and sprinkle with one third bacon, 1 1/2 tablespoons Parmesan, 3/4 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon olives, and salt and pepper to taste. Repeat procedure twice but reverse direction of slices each time so that layers are even. Add one more layer of celery root. Brush top with any remaining butter and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons Parmesan and remaining thyme. Cover top of skillet tightly with foil and bake celery root in middle of oven 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake 20 to 25 minutes more, or until celery root is tender and top and edges are golden brown. Transfer celery root Anna with 2 large spatulas to a cutting board and cut into wedges. Celery Root Anna with Bacon and Olives has 656.0 calories. Celery Root Anna with Bacon and Olives has 25.0 grams of protein. Celery Root Anna with Bacon and Olives has 54.0 grams of fat. Celery Root Anna with Bacon and Olives has 1229.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Celery Root Anna with Bacon and Olives are 4 bacon slices (about 1/4 pound), 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, a 1 1/2-pound celery root (sometimes called celeriac), 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped drained Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives.This dish was inspired by pommes Anna, the regal, crisp-crusted potato cake rumored to have been named for Anna Deslions, a famous courtesan in nineteenth-century Paris.  Olive Vegetable Side Bake Parmesan Bacon Fall Gourmet Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.