Central Asian Rice and Bean Stew recipe. In a large heavy pot, heat the oil or fat until very hot. Add the onions, lower the heat to medium, and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Add the potatoes and carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, then add the cumin, chile, salt, and pepper and stir well. Add 2 cups of the boiling water or stock and bring to a boil. Let boil vigorously for several minutes, then stir in the dal. Once the mixture has again returned to the boil, lower the heat, cover, and simmer until the mung beans are tender, 30 to 40 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes or so to prevent sticking. Add more boiling water or stock if necessary. When the beans are done, stir in the cooked rice. The mixture should be moist; add a little hot water or stock if necessary. Taste for seasoning. Serve hot, garnished with sprigs of fresh mint if available) and accompanied by plain yogurt. Alternative: An Uzbek version of this stew includes lamb: Cut 1/2 pound lean lamb into small cubes. Add the meat several minutes after you begin sautéing the onions. You may wish to increase the salt and pepper. Central Asian Rice and Bean Stew has 946.0 calories. Central Asian Rice and Bean Stew has 30.0 grams of protein. Central Asian Rice and Bean Stew has 17.0 grams of fat. Central Asian Rice and Bean Stew has 1285.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Central Asian Rice and Bean Stew are 3 tablespoons vegetable oil or rendered lamb fat, 2 cups coarsely chopped onions (about 3 medium onions), 2 medium potatoes, cubed, 2 medium carrots, coarsely chopped, 1 pound (about 4 medium) ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, ground, 3/4 teaspoon dried chile pepper flakes or crumbled dried red chile, 2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cups boiling water or mild stock, 1 cup mung dal, soaked overnight in water to cover, 2 1/2 cups cooked long-grain white rice (or 1 cup uncooked rice, cooked while mung beans cook), Sprigs of mint (optional), 2 to 3 cups plain yogurt.The word mash means mung bean in Farsi and Farsi-related languages like Azeri and Tajik, as well as in Turkic languages such as Uzbek and Uighur. The word kichiri is like the Hindi word kitchri, a name for rice dishes made by cooking rice together with other ingredients. (The British took the idea and the name and turned it into "kedgeree.").  Bean Onion Potato Rice Tomato Vegetable Stew Vegetarian Yogurt Fall Healthy.