Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli recipe.  Mix shallot and lemon juice in a small bowl. Whisk egg yolk, garlic, kosher salt, cayenne, and 2 teaspoons water in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually drizzle in vegetable oil, drop by drop at first, until aioli is thickened and smooth. Gently mix in buttermilk, crème fraîche, and shallot mixture; season with kosher salt and black pepper. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Toss half of snap peas with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium bowl; season with kosher salt and black pepper. Set a wire rack or grill basket on grill grate and grill peas on rack, turning occasionally, until lightly charred, about 4 minutes; return to bowl. Cut raw peas in half crosswise on a diagonal and toss with grilled peas along with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; season with black pepper. Spoon some aioli on a platter and top with snap peas, chiles, and sea salt. Reserve remaining buttermilk aioli for another salad, or use it as a dip.) Do ahead: Buttermilk aioli can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli has 279.0 calories. Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli has 4.0 grams of protein. Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli has 25.0 grams of fat. Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli has 26.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Charred Sugar Snap Peas with Buttermilk Aioli are 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 large egg yolk, 1 garlic clove, finely grated, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons crème fraîche, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/2 pound sugar snap peas, untrimmed, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced drained oil-packed Calabrian chiles, Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon).The aioli will appear quite tight when all the oil is incorporated, but it will loosen to a pourable consistency once the buttermilk and shallot are added.  Side Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Sugar Snap Pea Bon Appétit.