Charred Romaine with Tomatillo Dressing recipe. Bring onion, tomatillo, jalapeño, garlic, and 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until onion is very tender, 6–8 minutes; let cool. Drain, reserving cooking liquid. Purée onion mixture with avocado and cilantro leaves in a blender. With motor running, gradually add oil and 2 tablespoons cooking liquid and blend until combined. Add lime juice; season with salt and pepper. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Grill poblano, turning occasionally, until charred and blistered, 6–8 minutes. Let cool. Peel and finely chop. Drizzle cut sides of romaine with oil; season with salt. Grill, cut side down, until charred, about 3 minutes. Turn and grill just until warmed through, about 30 seconds. Spoon dressing onto plates and top with romaine, charred side up, avocado, onion, and poblano. Drizzle with lime juice; season lightly with salt. Scatter Cotija cheese and chopped cilantro stems over. Charred Romaine with Tomatillo Dressing has 399.0 calories. Charred Romaine with Tomatillo Dressing has 8.0 grams of protein. Charred Romaine with Tomatillo Dressing has 35.0 grams of fat. Charred Romaine with Tomatillo Dressing has 231.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Charred Romaine with Tomatillo Dressing are 1/4 medium white onion, quartered, 1 small tomatillo, husk removed, 1 jalapeño, sliced, seeds removed, 1 garlic clove, 1/4 avocado, chopped, 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small poblano chile, 2 heads of romaine lettuce, outer leaves removed, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 avocado, chopped, 1/4 medium white onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 ounces Cotija cheese, finely grated, 1 tablespoons chopped cilantro stems.Charred to a crisp: Not a statement usually associated with salads, but delicious nonetheless in this Mexican-inspired romaine number.  Salad Avocado Tomatillo Jalapeño Cilantro Lettuce Poblano Bon Appétit.