Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic recipe.  Combine the onion, celery, carrot, prosciutto, parsley, garlic and cayenne pepper in a pot with about 8 cups of water. Season the water with salt and boil for 5 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse. Add the octopus and reduce the heat to medium-low. Simmer gently for about 1 hour or until the octopus is tender when gently pierced with a knife. Cool the octopus in the braising liquid at room temperature until cool enough to handle. Remove the octopus from the braising liquid and drain well. Heat a cast-iron skillet or a flat griddle over high heat until it is very hot. Season the octopus with olive oil, salt and pepper. Grill the octopus until it is caramelized and crusted on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the charred octopus to a cutting board and cut each tentacle on the bias into 4 slices. Place the octopus slices in the center of 4 plates and garnish with arugula and 3 to 4 slices of the peach. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of aged balsamic vinegar over and around the octopus, and finish each dish with a squeeze of lemon juice. Serve immediately. Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic has 338.0 calories. Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic has 41.0 grams of protein. Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic has 11.0 grams of fat. Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic has 3035.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Charred Octopus with Peach, Arugula and Aged Balsamic are 1/2 small onion, peeled and quartered, 1 small celery stalk, sliced on the bias, 1/2 small carrot, peeled and sliced on the bias, 1 3-ounce piece prosciutto, 2 fresh Italian parsley sprigs, 3 garlic cloves, cut in half, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 8 cups water, approx., 2 pounds octopus, head removed and tentacles separated, 2 tablespoons olive oil, -fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup baby arugula, 1 peach, halved, pitted, and thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons aged (at least 8 years) balsamic vinegar, 1 lemon, cut in half.Learning to cook octopus properly is important because it can become a bit rubbery if not prepared correctly. This recipe teaches a great technique. The richness of the aged balsamic vinegar, the brightness of the peach, and the peppery bite of arugula come together in a harmonious way that celebrates all of the flavors, especially the octopus.  Appetizer Vinegar Peach Octopus Arugula Summer Healthy Prosciutto Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.