Charred Green Beans with Lemon Verbena Pesto recipe. Prepare a hot fire in your grill. Toss the beans with olive oil and place in a perforated grill basket or wok set on a baking sheet. For the Lemon Verbena Pesto, combine the lemon verbena, garlic, cheese, and nuts in a food processor and pulse to puree. Slowly add the olive oil with the processor running until the mixture thickens and emulsifies, about 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper. The pesto will keep in the refrigerator for 7 to 10 days or it may be frozen for up to 3 months. Place the grill wok or basket directly over the fire and stir-grill tossing the beans with wooden paddles or grill spatulas until crisp-tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer the grilled beans to a large bowl and toss with about 1/4 cup of the Lemon Verbena Pesto or to taste. Charred Green Beans with Lemon Verbena Pesto has 827.0 calories. Charred Green Beans with Lemon Verbena Pesto has 15.0 grams of protein. Charred Green Beans with Lemon Verbena Pesto has 75.0 grams of fat. Charred Green Beans with Lemon Verbena Pesto has 219.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Charred Green Beans with Lemon Verbena Pesto are 1 1/2 pounds slender green beans, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup fresh lemon verbena leaves (substitute fresh lemon balm leaves), 2 garlic cloves, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup pine nuts or English walnuts, 1/2 cup olive oil, Fine kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.If you grow pole beans, you know that at first glance, you have only a few beans, and then suddenly there is an onslaught. That's when bean varieties like the green Blue Lake or the yellow wax beans can be stir-grilled with a bit of olive oil for a very simple yet satisfying dish to use the surplus of beans. When you're in the mood for a more robust sauce, try this lemony pesto tossed with the grilled beans right before serving.  Side Vegetarian Backyard BBQ Parmesan Pine Nut Green Bean Grill Grill Barbecue Healthy Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.