Cheese Ravioli with Herbs in Meat Broth recipe. Toss Cantal and Romano cheeses in medium bowl to blend. Stir in crème fraîche, 3 tablespoons chives, 2 tablespoons parsley, and lemon peel. Season filling to taste with salt and pepper. Line large baking sheet with plastic wrap. Place 1 wonton wrapper on work surface. Place 1 heaping teaspoon cheese mixture in center of wrapper. Brush edges with egg white, fold over to enclose cheese filling, and press edges to seal. Transfer to prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining wonton wrappers and filling. Can be made ahead. Cover with layer of plastic, then layer of foil; refrigerate up to 6 hours or freeze up to 1 week.) Boil broth and butter in heavy small saucepan until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Whisk in remaining 1 tablespoon chives and 1 tablespoon parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm. Working in batches, cook ravioli in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer ravioli to serving bowl. Ladle warm broth mixture over ravioli and serve immediately. Cheese Ravioli with Herbs in Meat Broth has 613.0 calories. Cheese Ravioli with Herbs in Meat Broth has 30.0 grams of protein. Cheese Ravioli with Herbs in Meat Broth has 36.0 grams of fat. Cheese Ravioli with Herbs in Meat Broth has 1205.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cheese Ravioli with Herbs in Meat Broth are 2 3/4 cups coarsely grated Cantal or sharp white cheddar cheese, 1 1/4 cups finely grated pecorino Romano cheese, 1/3 cup crème fraîche or sour cream, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, 50 wonton wrappers, 1 large egg white, beaten just to loosen, 1 cup low-salt beef broth, 4 tablespoons butter.Donovan Clark of London, England, writes: "I met chef Jean-Yves Bath a couple years ago while I was dining at his elegant Michelin one-star restaurant, Bath's, in Paris. He had renovated an old Chinese eatery near the Champs-Élysées, and it was the perfect setting to showcase the food of his native Auvergne region. The simple cheese ravioli dish I had that night was unforgettable.".  Soup Stew Milk Cream Herb Cheddar Parmesan Lemon Fall Chive Parsley Bon Appétit.