Cheese Puffs Gougères recipe. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the flour, cornstarch, xanthan gum, salt, and chile pepper in a medium mixing bowl. Combine the milk, water, and butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Add the dry ingredients and beat briskly with a wooden spoon until thoroughly incorporated. Return the saucepan to the stove and reduce the heat to low. The mixture will begin to pull away from the side of the pan. Stir for 3 to 4 minutes, letting any moisture evaporate. Remove from the heat and let stand at room temperature for about 5 minutes or until cooled slightly. Add the eggs one at a time, stirring briskly after each addition until the egg is thoroughly incorporated. Form the dough into 2-tablespoon size mounds and drop onto the baking sheets, leaving 1 to 2 inches between each puff. Top each with a generous tablespoon of cheese and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350°F and bake for 30 minutes longer, rotating the pans halfway through. Turn off the oven and prop open the oven door slightly. Let the puffs cool in the oven for an additional 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. These can be frozen for up to one month and reheated in a 350°F oven for about 8 minutes. Do not thaw first.) Add 2 tablespoons chopped chives and 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese to the dough for an interesting appetizer. Slice the puffs horizontally and fill with shrimp, tuna, or chicken salad. Cheese Puffs Gougères has 84.0 calories. Cheese Puffs Gougères has 2.0 grams of protein. Cheese Puffs Gougères has 6.0 grams of fat. Cheese Puffs Gougères has 146.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cheese Puffs Gougères are 1 1/4 cups white rice flour, 1/4 cup cornstarch, 1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground ancho chile pepper, 1 cup milk or dairy-free milk, 1 cup water, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter or non-dairy buttery spread, cut into 1-inch pieces, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups shredded Gruyère cheese or dairy-free cheese (about 8 ounces), Coarse salt and cracked black pepper.Based on the classic pâté à choux or cream puff pastry from my culinary school days, this elegant and easy appetizer can be made ahead. It can be prepared dairy-free, too, but egg substitutes won't work as the eggs are necessary to help create the structure of these bite-size treats.  Bread Cheese Appetizer Cocktail Party Wheat Gluten-Free Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.