Cheese, Herb, and Sun-Dried Tomato Phyllo Rolls recipe.  Whisk egg in medium bowl until frothy. Mix in all cheeses, tomatoes, thyme, marjoram, and pepper. Cover and chill until ready to use, up to 1 day. Stack phyllo sheets. Using sharp knife or shears, cut sheets in half lengthwise, making sixteen 5- to 6-inch-wide pastry strips. Place 1 strip on work surface keep remaining strips covered with plastic wrap and damp towel to prevent drying). Brush entire strip with oil. Place 1 heaping tablespoon cheese filling in center of strip, 1 inch in from 1 short pastry edge. Shape filling into 3-inch-long log, parallel to short edge. Fold short edge, then sides of pastry, over filling. Continue to roll up, enclosing filling completely. Brush all over with oil; place on rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining phyllo strips and filling. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake rolls uncovered until filling is heated through and pastry is golden, about 18 minutes. Transfer to platter; serve hot. Cheese, Herb, and Sun-Dried Tomato Phyllo Rolls has 106.0 calories. Cheese, Herb, and Sun-Dried Tomato Phyllo Rolls has 6.0 grams of protein. Cheese, Herb, and Sun-Dried Tomato Phyllo Rolls has 7.0 grams of fat. Cheese, Herb, and Sun-Dried Tomato Phyllo Rolls has 248.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cheese, Herb, and Sun-Dried Tomato Phyllo Rolls are 1 large egg, 3/4 cup (packed) grated aged kefalotyri cheese (3 ounces), 3/4 cup (packed) grated kasseri cheese (3 ounces), 1/4 cup (packed) finely crumbled feta cheese (3 ounces), 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh marjoram, 1/4 teaspoon ground white or black pepper, 8 sheets phyllo pastry (about 12x14 inches), thawed if frozen, Extra-virgin olive oil.Market tip: Many Greek cheeses are made with goat's milk or sheep's milk. Kefalotyri is hard and salty; Pecorino Romano is a good substitute. Kasseri is mild and firm; Parmigiano-Reggiano makes a good stand-in. You can find Greek cheeses at specialty foods stores, at Greek markets, and at igourmet.com.  Cheese Herb Tomato Appetizer Bake Cocktail Party Vegetarian Summer Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.