Cherry-Almond Ice Cream Cake with Milk Chocolate Sauce recipe.  Heat 2/3 cup whipping cream and 2 tablespoons butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until butter melts. Remove from heat. Add chocolate; let stand 1 minute. Whisk until chocolate melts and sauce is smooth. Mix in vanilla extract. Cool sauce to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Line bottom of 9 x 5 x 2 1/2-inch metal loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving overhang on long sides. Using back of spoon, spread 1 pint ice cream over bottom of prepared pan. Sprinkle evenly with 1 cup cookie crumbs. Spread another 1 pint ice cream over cookie crumbs. Freeze until ice cream is firm, about 20 minutes. Spread with 3/4 cup sauce; freeze 20 minutes. Spread with remaining 1 pint ice cream; sprinkle with 1 cup cookie crumbs, pressing crumbs into ice cream to adhere. Cover pan and freeze ice cream cake until very firm, at least 4 hours. Can be prepared 5 days ahead. Keep cake frozen. Cover and refrigerate remaining sauce. Store remaining 1 cup crumbs airtight at room temperature.) Stir remaining sauce in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until warmed through; pour into small pitcher or bowl. Cut around pan sides to loosen cake. Turn cake out onto platter. Peel off parchment. Sprinkle top of cake with remaining 1 cup crumbs. Cut cake crosswise into slices. Serve immediately with warm sauce. Cherry-Almond Ice Cream Cake with Milk Chocolate Sauce has 363.0 calories. Cherry-Almond Ice Cream Cake with Milk Chocolate Sauce has 5.0 grams of protein. Cherry-Almond Ice Cream Cake with Milk Chocolate Sauce has 17.0 grams of fat. Cherry-Almond Ice Cream Cake with Milk Chocolate Sauce has 129.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cherry-Almond Ice Cream Cake with Milk Chocolate Sauce are 2/3 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 10 ounces imported milk chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 pints cherry or cherry-vanilla ice cream, softened slightly, 3 cups coarsely crushed amaretti cookies (about 9 ounces) or almond macaroons.When preparing this, be sure to spread each component of the filling to the edge of the pan so that the layering shows when the cake is unmolded. To soften ice cream easily, microwave one pint at a time in 15-second spurts, using the defrost setting.  Cake Chocolate Dessert Kid-Friendly Cherry Almond Summer Birthday Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Kosher.