Cherry-Topped Almond Panna Cotta recipe.  Pour 1/4 cup milk into small microwave-safe bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over; stir to blend. Let stand 5 minutes to soften gelatin. Heat cream, 5 tablespoons sugar, and remaining 3/4 cup milk in small saucepan over medium heat just until bubbles begin to form around edge of pan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Stir in almond extract and vanilla extract. Heat gelatin mixture in microwave on low power until gelatin dissolves, stirring every 15 seconds, about 45 seconds. Stir gelatin mixture into warm milk mixture. Let stand 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Divide mixture among eight 3/4-cup glasses or compote dishes. Cover each with plastic; chill until set, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Stir almonds and 1 tablespoon sugar in small nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until nuts are toasted and sugar melts and coats nuts, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Transfer candied almonds to plate to cool, stirring occasionally. Place cherries, almond liqueur if using), and remaining 4 tablespoons sugar in medium bowl; toss to coat. Let stand until sugar dissolves and juices form, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Divide cherries with juices among glasses. Sprinkle candied almonds over and serve. Cherry-Topped Almond Panna Cotta has 308.0 calories. Cherry-Topped Almond Panna Cotta has 4.0 grams of protein. Cherry-Topped Almond Panna Cotta has 21.0 grams of fat. Cherry-Topped Almond Panna Cotta has 32.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cherry-Topped Almond Panna Cotta are 1 cup whole milk, divided, 2 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from about 2 envelopes), 3 cups heavy whipping cream, 10 tablespoons sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup sliced almonds, 1 pound fresh cherries, pitted, halved, 1 tablespoon almond liqueur (optional).Panna cotta is an Italian custard dessert. It's similar to pudding but is thickened with gelatin instead of egg yolks. This version is a velvety almond custard topped with fresh cherries and a candied almond garnish.  Liqueur Milk Cream Microwave Dessert Cherry Almond Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free.