Chez Gladines' Basque-Style Scrambled Eggs recipe. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the chopped tomatoes, green and red peppers, cayenne pepper, white wine, and sugar. Season with salt and pepper to taste, reduce the heat to low, and cook gently, stirring occasionally, for 35 minutes. Heat the butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Pour in the beaten eggs, season with salt and pepper, and stir with a fork until they are cooked through. Remove from the heat. In a nonstick pan over medium heat, brown the ham slices lightly on both sides, about 3 minutes on each side. To serve, combine the scrambled eggs with the pepper and onion mixture and top each serving with a slice of ham. <a name="note">Note:</a> To peel tomatoes, place in boiling water for 30 seconds, plunge into cold water, and peel with a sharp knife. Chez Gladines' Basque-Style Scrambled Eggs has 276.0 calories. Chez Gladines' Basque-Style Scrambled Eggs has 16.0 grams of protein. Chez Gladines' Basque-Style Scrambled Eggs has 16.0 grams of fat. Chez Gladines' Basque-Style Scrambled Eggs has 822.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chez Gladines' Basque-Style Scrambled Eggs are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 onions, chopped, 2 tomatoes, peeled and chopped (see Note), 2 green peppers, thinly sliced, 1 red pepper, thinly sliced, a dash of cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup white wine (such as Bordeaux blanc, Mâcon), 1 tablespoon sugar, salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 9 eggs, beaten, 6 slices ham.This Basque specialty consists of scrambled eggs garnished with tomatoes, peppers, onions, and a slice of ham. The same Basquaise garnish may be prepared in advance and used for chicken and fish. Chez Gladines serves its pipérade with patates sautées — potatoes pan-fried in duck fat and seasoned with garlic and parsley.  Egg Onion Pepper Pork Tomato Breakfast Brunch Fall.