Chicken Lo Mein with Ginger Mushrooms recipe.  In a 3-quart saucepan bring 2 quarts water to a boil over high heat. When the water comes to a rolling boil, add the noodles. Return to a rolling boil and boil according to package directions until al dente. Carefully pour the noodles into a colander and rinse several times with cold water. Drain the noodles, shaking well to remove excess water. Return the noodles to the unwashed pot, add the sesame oil, and toss until well combined. Set aside. Put the chicken in a shallow bowl and add the ginger, 1 teaspoon of the rice wine, cornstarch, 1 tea- spoon of the soy sauce, 1/4 teaspoon of the salt, and pepper. In a small bowl combine the remaining 1 tablespoon rice wine and 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Heat a 14-inch flat-bottomed wok over high heat until a bead of water vaporizes within 1 to 2 seconds of contact. Swirl in 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil, add the red pepper flakes, then, using a metal spatula, stir-fry 10 seconds or until the pepper flakes are fragrant. Push the pepper flakes to the sides of the wok, carefully add the chicken mixture and spread it evenly in one layer in the wok. Cook undisturbed 1 minute, letting the chicken begin to sear. Stir-fry 30 seconds or until the chicken begins to brown. Add the cabbage and mushrooms and stir-fry 1 minute or until the cabbage is just wilted but the chicken is not cooked through. Transfer the chicken and vegetables to a plate. Swirl the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil into the wok. Add the noodles and stir-fry 15 seconds. Restir the soy sauce mixture, swirl it into the wok, add the scallions and chicken mixture, and sprinkle on the remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt. Stir-fry 1 to 2 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and noodles are heated through. Chicken Lo Mein with Ginger Mushrooms has 833.0 calories. Chicken Lo Mein with Ginger Mushrooms has 38.0 grams of protein. Chicken Lo Mein with Ginger Mushrooms has 37.0 grams of fat. Chicken Lo Mein with Ginger Mushrooms has 1357.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Lo Mein with Ginger Mushrooms are 12 ounces fresh Chinese thick, round egg noodles, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 ounces skinless, boneless chicken thigh, cut into 1/4-inch-thick bite-sized slices, 1 tablespoon finely shredded ginger, 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage (about 5 ounces), 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps thinly sliced (about 2 cups), 1/2 cup finely shredded scallions.This recipe is extremely simple to make and has a nice peppery flavor from the red pepper flakes, white pepper, and ginger. There is a variety of fresh noodles in the refrigerator section of most Chinese food markets. The best noodles for lo mein are about 1/4 inch thick and are sold in 1-pound packages. If fresh shiitake mushrooms are not available, use button mushrooms. I will sometimes substitute bean sprouts for the Napa cabbage.  Wok Chicken Ginger Mushroom Poultry Side Stir-Fry Dinner Lunar New Year Family Reunion Noodle Dairy Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.