Chicken Meatballs With Ginger and Miso recipe.  Combine chicken, egg, panko, scallions, soy sauce, miso paste, ginger, and salt in a large bowl. Using your hands, roll mixture into 1" balls, packing firmly. Transfer balls to a rimmed baking sheet or large plate. Divide soy dipping sauce between 2 bowls half for serving and half for brushing meatballs while cooking). If using wooden skewers, soak 15 minutes. Thread 2 skewers through each meatball, with 2–3 meatballs per pair of skewers. Prepare a grill for medium-high, direct heat, or place a grill pan over medium-high heat. Generously oil grates or grill pan. Grill meatballs until light grill marks form, 3–4 minutes. Turn and continue to grill until outside of meatballs are browned, 2 minutes longer.Brush meatballs with sauce, then turn and brush again. Baste and turn until meatballs are glazed and cooked through, about 1 minute more if they start to burn, reduce heat or move to a cooler part of the grill). Serve with remaining dipping sauce. Bring chicken broth to a simmer in a large pot over medium-low heat; season with salt. Add meatballs and cook, covered, until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 425°F. Grease a glass or metal baking dish with oil. Roll meatballs in oil until coated. Roast until meatballs are firm and cooked through a meat thermometer inserted into the center should read 165°F), about 15 minutes. Let meatballs cool 5 minutes in baking dish before serving. Meatballs can be formed, but not cooked, 1 day ahead. Wrap tightly in plastic and chill. The ingredients of Chicken Meatballs With Ginger and Miso are 3/4 pound ground chicken, 1 large egg, 1/4 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), or fresh breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons sliced scallions, 2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons white miso paste, 1 teaspoon finely grated ginger, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, Soy dipping sauce (such as Soy-Lime Dipping Sauce), Vegetable oil (for grill), 4 cups chicken broth or water, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil.These flavor-packed meatballs are delicious whether poached (like in our Sumo Stew (Chanko Nabe) with Shrimp, Meatballs, and Bok Choy), grilled, or baked.  Meatball Chicken Ginger Poach Grill Bake.