Chickpea Salad Sandwich With Creamy Carrot-Radish Slaw recipe. Whisk mayonnaise, oil, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a medium bowl until smooth. Add carrots, radishes, cilantro, parsley, almonds, salt, and pepper and stir to combine. Whisk mayonnaise, oil, salsa verde, lemon zest, and lemon juice in another medium bowl until smooth. Pulse shallot and garlic in a food processor until very finely chopped. Add chickpeas and pulse just until coarsely chopped, about 20 seconds. Transfer to bowl with salsa verde mixture. Fold in cucumber, feta, cilantro, and parsley; season with salt and pepper. Layer 4 slices of avocado on each bottom bun. Top with a heaping 3/4 cup chickpea mixture and 2 Tbsp. spinach. Top with top bun and serve with carrot-radish slaw alongside. Chickpea salad can be made 2 days ahead. Chill in a resealable container. Chickpea Salad Sandwich With Creamy Carrot-Radish Slaw has 959.0 calories. Chickpea Salad Sandwich With Creamy Carrot-Radish Slaw has 21.0 grams of protein. Chickpea Salad Sandwich With Creamy Carrot-Radish Slaw has 60.0 grams of fat. Chickpea Salad Sandwich With Creamy Carrot-Radish Slaw has 1541.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chickpea Salad Sandwich With Creamy Carrot-Radish Slaw are 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 5 small carrots (about 8 ounces), coarsely grated using the coarse grater disk on a food processor or the largest holes on a box grater, 3 small radishes (about 2 ounces), coarsely grated using the coarse grater disk on a food processor or the largest holes on a box grater, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped parsley, 1/4 cup sliced almonds, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons radish-top salsa verde (optional), 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 shallot, quartered, 1 garlic clove, halved, 1 (16-ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed, 1 medium cucumber (about 1/2 pound), finely chopped, 3 tablespoons crumbled feta, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped parsley, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, thinly sliced, 4 brioche buns or 8 slices pumpernickel bread, toasted, 1/2 cup baby spinach leaves.This recipe is part of our Spring Grocery Bag Menu featuring 5 easy weeknight dinners made from 1 grocery bag of ingredients.  30 Days of Groceries Chickpea Salad Sandwich Carrot Radish Vegetarian Feta Avocado Cilantro.