Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts recipe. Spray 3-cup soufflé dish or terrine with vegetable oil spray. Line dish with plastic wrap; spray plastic. Combine chicken livers, broth and onion in medium saucepan. Bring to boil. Cover and simmer until livers are cooked through, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Drain cooking liquid; transfer chicken livers and onion to processor. Add butter, Cognac and salt to processor. Puree until smooth. Transfer to prepared dish. Cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. Bring wine to simmer in small saucepan. Remove from heat. Add figs. Let stand until figs soften, about 15 minutes. Drain wine. Quarter figs. Pâté and figs can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep pâté refrigerated. Transfer figs to small bowl; cover and refrigerate.) Unmold pâté onto platter. Press walnuts onto sides of pâté. Garnish top with chives and some figs. Arrange lettuce on platter with pâté. Place remaining figs atop lettuce. Serve with toasts. Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts has 423.0 calories. Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts has 9.0 grams of protein. Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts has 40.0 grams of fat. Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts has 342.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Liver Pâté with Figs and Walnuts are Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 pound chicken livers, trimmed, 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon Cognac, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1 cup dry red wine, 3/4 cup dried black Mission figs, 1/2 cup chopped toasted walnuts, Fresh chives (for garnish), Red leaf lettuce (for garnish), 1 French-bread baguette, sliced, toasted.By the seventies, Julia Child, through her books and television shows, had made French food accessible, and the Cuisinart, introduced in 1973, made many of the cuisine’s more complicated techniques quick and simple. As a result, pâté became increasingly popular, and remains so today.  Chicken Nut Poultry Appetizer Fig Walnut Fall Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Peanut Free Soy Free.