Chicken with Figs in Ras-el-Hanout and Couscous recipe. Arrange chicken on rimmed baking sheet and sprinkle each side of each piece with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cover with plastic wrap and chill overnight. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Transfer chicken to skillet and sear until golden, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to heavy roasting pan, skin side up. Add carrots, shallots, garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme, lemon peel, ras-el-hanout, chicken broth, white wine, and remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil to skillet. Bring to boil, whisking up brown bits. Pour mixture over chicken in roasting pan and bring to simmer over medium heat. Cover with foil; place in oven. Braise 1 hour, until tender. Transfer chicken, carrots, and shallots to baking sheet; discard garlic. Pour pan juices into large saucepan. Spoon off fat from surface. Boil juices until reduced to 1 3/4 cups, whisking occasionally, about 18 minutes. Add figs and vinegar; cook until figs are just heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Place cooked couscous on large plate. Top with chicken, vegetables, and figs. Spoon sauce over chicken and figs. Garnish with fresh herbs and serve immediately. Chicken with Figs in Ras-el-Hanout and Couscous has 4520.0 calories. Chicken with Figs in Ras-el-Hanout and Couscous has 338.0 grams of protein. Chicken with Figs in Ras-el-Hanout and Couscous has 336.0 grams of fat. Chicken with Figs in Ras-el-Hanout and Couscous has 1772.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken with Figs in Ras-el-Hanout and Couscous are 6 whole chicken leg-thigh pieces (about 4 1/2 pounds total), 1 tablespoon salt plus additional for seasoning, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 12 baby carrots, peeled, 1 cup shallots, peeled, halved (about 4 large), 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 teaspoon fresh chopped thyme plus additional for garnish, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel, 2 tablespoons ras-el-hanout, 3 cups low-salt chicken broth, 3/4 cup dry white wine, 14 Brown Turkey figs, halved, 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar, Couscous (prepared according to package directions).Ras-el-hanout is a Moroccan spice blend available at some specialty foods stores and from adrianascaravan.com. Couscous is delicious tossed with brown butter: Simply melt butter over medium heat until browned, then toss it with the cooked couscous.  Chicken Dinner Fig Spice Chill Couscous Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.