Chicken Nuggets with Mango and Avocado Salsa recipe. Put the chicken cubes in a bowl with the coconut milk and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make the mango salsa. Mix the avocado, mango, cilantro, onion and chili together in a bowl and pour over the coconut aminos. Refrigerate until needed. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Put the flour and spices in a bowl and put the desiccated coconut on a plate. Take a chicken cube, roll it in the spiced flour, then roll it in the desiccated coconut until it is well coated, then put it on a baking tray. Repeat with the remaining chicken cubes. Pour the melted coconut oil over the chicken and bake in the oven for 15 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through, golden brown and crispy. To serve, put a spoonful of the mango salsa into each lettuce leaf, add a few chicken nuggets, fold in the sides of the lettuce to enclose it and eat like a sandwich. Chicken Nuggets with Mango and Avocado Salsa has 1276.0 calories. Chicken Nuggets with Mango and Avocado Salsa has 68.0 grams of protein. Chicken Nuggets with Mango and Avocado Salsa has 77.0 grams of fat. Chicken Nuggets with Mango and Avocado Salsa has 621.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Nuggets with Mango and Avocado Salsa are 2 skinless chicken breasts, cut into cubes, 1 cup coconut milk, 1/2 cup coconut flour, 1/2 tsp ground cumin, 1/2 tsp tumeric powder, 1/2 tsp ground coriander, 1/3 cup unsweetened desiccated or finely shredded coconut, A pinch of salt, 1 tbsp coconut oil, melted, 4 large lettuce leaves from an iceberg or cos lettuce, to serve, 1 avocado, peeled, stoned and cut into small cubes, 1 mango, peeled, stoned and cut into small cubes, 1 tbsp fresh cilantro, torn, 1 red onion, peeled and finely diced, 1 red chili, finely diced, 2 tbsp coconut aminos.Here's a recipe for the whole family, a healthy version of chicken nuggets. Throw in a good measure of childhood nostalgia and enjoy.  Chicken Kid-Friendly Dinner Lunch Mango Avocado Healthy Lettuce Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free.