Chicken Bone Broth recipe. Preheat  the oven to 350°F. Remove the wings, thighs, drumsticks, and breasts from the chickens. Place the carcasses, wings, necks, and innards that came inside the chicken on a baking sheet and place in the preheated oven. Roast until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. For a lighter flavor, skip this step. If you're planning to drink the broth by itself, or with herbs or seasonings, this step adds a nice depth of flavor, umami, and richness our tongues can't get enough of. Place the bones, feet, and vinegar in a stockpot or slow cooker, at least 10 quarts in size, and cover with the cold water. If using a stockpot, bring the water to a boil over high heat. If using a slow cooker, turn the temperature to high. Once simmering, reduce heat to low, cook for 30 minutes, skimming and discarding the scum that rises to the top. Add the ice and skim off any fat that congeals on the top along with any other scum or impurities. Simmer uncovered for 12 to 15 hours, adding more water as necessary just to keep the bones covered. Add the carrots, onions, thyme, rosemary, and bay leaves and simmer for another 5 hours. Continue to skim off any impurities; add water as necessary to keep the ingredients covered. Gently strain or ladle the liquid through a fine-mesh strainer into a container. Fill your sink with ice water. Place the container of broth in the ice bath to cool for about 1 hour. Use the broth right away, or cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week, or freeze for up to 1 year. Remove any fat that has solidified on the top before using. You may discard this fat or use it as you would any other cooking fat. Chicken Bone Broth has 35.0 calories. Chicken Bone Broth has 3.0 grams of protein. Chicken Bone Broth has 2.0 grams of fat. Chicken Bone Broth has 55.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Bone Broth are 2 whole chickens, 1 pound chicken feet, 1/4 cup apple cider, white, or white wine vinegar, 6 to 8 quarts cold water, or as needed to cover ingredients, 4 cups ice cubes, 3 carrots, peeled and halved, 4 onions, peeled and halved, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 bay leaves.This is how we make chicken bone broth at home. If you'd like, you can switch out the herbs and vegetables for others you prefer. For example, you could add leeks, celery, or a different type of onion. Roast the vegetables first for added depth of flavor and color.  HarperCollins Soup Stew Chicken Carrot Onion Herb Winter.