Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce recipe.  Place the chicken pieces in a roasting pan and toss with the rice wine or gin, soy sauce, sesame oil, salt, sugar, rice vinegar, and pepper. Put the garlic slices on and under the chicken pieces. Allow to rest for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Heat a wok over high heat for 30 seconds, add the peanut oil, and coat the wok with it, using a spatula. When a wisp of white smoke appears, add the onions. Stir and cook for a minute, lower the heat to medium, and cook for another 3 minutes until onions are soft. Turn off the heat. Spoon the onions over, around, and under the chicken pieces. Place the roasting pan with the chicken and onions in the preheated oven and roast for 30 minutes. Lower the heat to 350°F, turn the chicken over, and roast for another 30 minutes. Turn the chicken over again and cook for a final 30 minutes, basting halfway through. Turn off the heat. Transfer the chicken to a heated platter and serve with cooked rice. Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce has 498.0 calories. Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce has 49.0 grams of protein. Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce has 27.0 grams of fat. Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce has 1167.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce are 3 pounds chicken breasts, with bones and skin, cleaned thoroughly but with some of its fat retained, and dried; each breast cut into quarters, 2 tablespoons Chinese white rice wine or gin, 3 tablespoons double dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon Chinese white rice vinegar or distilled vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 1/2 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 cups thinly sliced onions.This tried and true recipe, a Hong Kong tradition of chicken roasted in the Chinese manner, has a long history in my family. It is the dish I have made when, because of circumstances, our family has not eaten together: my older son off to swimming practice, my daughter to ballet, and my younger son to lacrosse. Or I am off to a cooking class and I must leave dinner in the oven.  Chicken Onion Roast Kid-Friendly Soy Sauce.