Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa recipe. Using a sharp knife, cut all peel and white pith from lemons; discard. Working over a medium bowl, cut between membranes to release segments into bowl; squeeze in juice from membranes and discard membranes. Strain juice into another bowl. Combine segments, 1 tablespoon strained lemon juice reserve remaining juice for another use), cucumber, 2 tablespoons scallions, and chile in a small bowl; mix well. Stir in sugar; season salsa with salt and set aside. Place chicken in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. In a mini-processor or blender, purée 1/4 cup cilantro, yogurt, vegetable oil, garlic, coriander, and turmeric. Pour marinade over chicken; toss to coat. Let marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before continuing. Preheat broiler. Thread 4 pieces of chicken onto each skewer and transfer to a foil-lined baking sheet. Broil, turning once and watching closely to prevent burning, until browned and cooked through, about 8 minutes. Alternatively, grill skewers over medium-high heat on a gas grill or over medium heat on a charcoal grill.) Transfer skewers to plates. Spoon Meyer lemon salsa over chicken. Garnish with remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro and 1 tablespoon scallions. Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa has 306.0 calories. Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa has 20.0 grams of protein. Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa has 22.0 grams of fat. Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa has 106.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Skewers with Meyer Lemon Salsa are 8 Meyer lemons, 1/2 cup finely chopped English hothouse cucumber, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, divided, 1 serrano chile (with seeds), finely chopped, Pinch of sugar, 1 Kosher salt, 1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1 1/2" pieces, 1 Freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1/4 cup plain whole-milk yogurt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon cracked coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon turmeric (optional), Special equipment: 12 metal skewers.This versatile salsa also pairs well with scallops or roast fish.  Chicken Citrus Fruit Poultry Broil Low Fat Low Sodium Dinner Lunch Lemon Cucumber Winter Healthy Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.