Chicken, Watercress, and Avocado Sandwich with Tarragon Aïoli recipe.  Whisk mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons oil, tarragon, vinegar, minced garlic, and lemon juice in small bowl to blend well. Season aioli with salt and pepper. Place chicken breasts between sheets of waxed paper. Using rolling pin, flatten chicken to even 1/2-inch thickness; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; sauté until brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Cool chicken, then tear into narrow 3-inch strips. Place chicken in bowl. Mix in 3/4 cup aioli; season with salt and pepper reserve remaining aioli for another use). Rub 1 side of each toast slice with cut side of halved garlic. Arrange 4 toasts garlic side up. Top each with 1/4 of watercress, 1 fanned-out avocado half, and 1/4 of chicken. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; top with remaining toasts, garlic side down. Chicken, Watercress, and Avocado Sandwich with Tarragon Aïoli has 744.0 calories. Chicken, Watercress, and Avocado Sandwich with Tarragon Aïoli has 8.0 grams of protein. Chicken, Watercress, and Avocado Sandwich with Tarragon Aïoli has 75.0 grams of fat. Chicken, Watercress, and Avocado Sandwich with Tarragon Aïoli has 402.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken, Watercress, and Avocado Sandwich with Tarragon Aïoli are 1 cup mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 2 garlic cloves; 1 minced, 1 halved, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, 8 center slices country white bread (each about 5x3 inches), toasted, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed, 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled, each half thinly sliced but intact.The aioli is quickly made by mixing garlic and tarragon into purchased mayonnaise.  Sandwich Chicken Garlic Leafy Green Poultry Sauté Dinner Lunch Mayonnaise Lemon Avocado Winter Tarragon Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.