Chicken and Pork Stew with Plantains and Potatoes recipe. Trim off plantain ends and cut 4 vertical slits in skin of each do not cut into fruit). Microwave 1 minute at 50 percent power then pull off peel. Stir next six ingredients in large pot until paste forms. Mix in meats. Cook over high heat until meats are no longer pink outside, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Add plantains, broth, tomatoes with juice, onion, pepper, and vinegar. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer 20 minutes. Add potatoes and corn to pot. Cover; simmer 40 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Top with cilantro. Chicken and Pork Stew with Plantains and Potatoes has 894.0 calories. Chicken and Pork Stew with Plantains and Potatoes has 43.0 grams of protein. Chicken and Pork Stew with Plantains and Potatoes has 56.0 grams of fat. Chicken and Pork Stew with Plantains and Potatoes has 1013.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken and Pork Stew with Plantains and Potatoes are 3 green plantains, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, cut into 11/2-inch cubes, 1 1/2 pounds boneless pork spareribs or pork butt, cut into 11/2-inch cubes, 2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 very large green pepper, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 pound red potatoes, scrubbed, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes, 2 ears of corn, cut into 1 1/2-inch-thick rounds, 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro.Sheila Jacobs and Lynn Kramer of Abreu, Cabrera, Dominican Republic, write: "We're both from the U.S., but we have lived in the Dominican Republic for about 25 years. We're friends, business partners, and neighbors, so we entertain together often. Cooking the local dishes has made us feel a part of the country.".  Soup Stew Chicken Garlic Onion Pork Potato Tomato Corn Bell Pepper Summer Plantain Cilantro Simmer Bon Appétit Dominican Republic.