Chicken and Vegetable Sauté Over Herbed Polenta Triangles recipe. Boil broth in small saucepan until reduced to 1 cup, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat. Combine fennel seeds and crushed red pepper in small bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and bell pepper and sauté until golden and almost tender, about 4 minutes. Add squash and sauté until barely tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in half of fennel seed mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl. Place 3 tablespoons flour in medium bowl. Add chicken and toss to coat with flour; shake off excess. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; stir just until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Stir in remaining fennel seed mixture. Return vegetables to skillet. Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.) Toss chicken and vegetables over medium-high heat until heated through. Season with salt and pepper. Mix in 1/4 cup basil. Mix vinegar and brown sugar in small skillet. Mix butter with remaining 1 tablespoon flour in small bowl. Bring vinegar mixture to boil. Add reduced broth and bring to boil. Whisk in butter mixture. Boil until sauce thickens slightly, whisking constantly, about 1 minute. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Arrange 2 polenta triangles on each of 4 plates. Spoon chicken mixture over polenta. Drizzle each with sauce. Garnish with remaining 1/4 cup basil and serve. Chicken and Vegetable Sauté Over Herbed Polenta Triangles has 472.0 calories. Chicken and Vegetable Sauté Over Herbed Polenta Triangles has 32.0 grams of protein. Chicken and Vegetable Sauté Over Herbed Polenta Triangles has 27.0 grams of fat. Chicken and Vegetable Sauté Over Herbed Polenta Triangles has 110.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken and Vegetable Sauté Over Herbed Polenta Triangles are 2 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sliced onion, 1 large red bell pepper, cut into strips, 6 small yellow crookneck squash, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices (about 5 cups), 4 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 pound skinless boneless chicken breast halves, cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-wide strips, 1/2 cup thinly sliced fresh basil, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon (packed) brown sugar, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, Herbed Polenta Triangles.You can prepare the polenta a day ahead. The chicken and vegetables can be made earlier in the day, and both can be reheated before serving. Team this with a radicchio and arugula salad, and uncork a Pinot Grigio.  Chicken Vegetable Sauté Vinegar Basil Squash Healthy Bon Appétit.