Chicken Cheddar Quesadillas with Tomato and Corn Salsa recipe. Stir salsa, corn, 1/4 cup red onion, and 1/4 cup cilantro in small bowl to blend. Season salsa to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle chicken with chili powder, cumin, salt, and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and remaining 3/4 cup onion and sauté 1 minute. Add chicken and sauté until chicken is just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle half of 1 tortilla with 1/2 cup cheese. Place 1/3 chicken mixture atop cheese; sprinkle with 2 tablespoons cilantro and another 1/2 cup cheese. Fold tortilla in half. Repeat with remaining tortillas, cheese, chicken mixture, and cilantro. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets over medium-high heat. Place 2 quesadillas in 1 skillet and third in second skillet. Cook quesadillas until brown and cheese melts, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer quesadillas to work surface and cut into wedges. Arrange on platter; serve with salsa. Chicken Cheddar Quesadillas with Tomato and Corn Salsa has 649.0 calories. Chicken Cheddar Quesadillas with Tomato and Corn Salsa has 29.0 grams of protein. Chicken Cheddar Quesadillas with Tomato and Corn Salsa has 43.0 grams of fat. Chicken Cheddar Quesadillas with Tomato and Corn Salsa has 1274.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken Cheddar Quesadillas with Tomato and Corn Salsa are 1 1/2 cups purchased medium-hot chunky salsa verde, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 cup chopped red onion, divided, 1/4 cup plus 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 pound chicken tenders, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 3 burrito-size flour tortillas (11 inches in diameter), 3 cups (packed) grated sharp cheddar cheese (about 12 ounces).Sabrina Henderson of Gardena, California, writes: "My love of cooking dates back to my junior-high home economics class. After that I took home ec every year I could. My last teacher in high school was the best. He was a former chef who taught us how to make classics like lasagna and chicken cordon bleu. I still prepare those dishes for company.".  Chicken Onion Tomato Appetizer Sauté Quick & Easy Cheddar Corn Summer Cilantro Tortillas Bon Appétit California Sugar Conscious.