Chicken, Mushroom, and Bok Choy Kebabs recipe.  Mince and mash garlic to a paste with a pinch of salt. Boil soy sauce, Sherry, and brown sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until reduced to about 2/3 cup, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic paste, ginger, and sesame oil, then cool to room temperature. Pour half of marinade into a large sealable bag and chill remainder for basting. Add chicken to bag and marinate, chilled, turning bag occasionally, at least 3 hours. Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal medium-high heat for gas). Meanwhile, halve bok choy lengthwise and blanch in a large pot of boiling salted water 2 Tbsp salt for 5 qt water) until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Immediately transfer with tongs to an ice bath to stop cooking. Pat bok choy very dry, then, bending leaves, thread 3 or 4 halves through bulb and leaves) onto each of 3 or 4 skewers. Put on a tray. Toss mushrooms with vegetable oil. Thread mushrooms through sides) and chicken discard marinade) onto remaining skewers, alternating them. Put on another tray. Oil grill rack, then grill chicken-and-mushroom skewers, covered only if using a gas grill, 6 minutes. Turn over and baste with some of remaining marinade, then grill, turning and basting occasionally but not during last 3 minutes), until chicken is just cooked through and mushrooms are tender, 6 to 8 minutes more. Lightly brush bok choy with oil and grill, covered only if using a gas grill, turning once, until grill marks appear, about 2 minutes total. Chicken, Mushroom, and Bok Choy Kebabs has 486.0 calories. Chicken, Mushroom, and Bok Choy Kebabs has 23.0 grams of protein. Chicken, Mushroom, and Bok Choy Kebabs has 39.0 grams of fat. Chicken, Mushroom, and Bok Choy Kebabs has 868.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chicken, Mushroom, and Bok Choy Kebabs are 3 large garlic cloves, 1/2 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce, 1/3 cup dry Sherry, 1/4 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger, 2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 1 1/2 pound skinless boneless chicken thighs, cut into 2-inch pieces, 1 pound baby bok choy (5 to 6 heads), 1/2 pound large cremini mushrooms, stems trimmed flush with caps, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 14 (12-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes..Chicken's dark meat is great for grilling because it stays very moist and really soaks up the flavors of a marinade—in this case, an Asian-inspired blend that balances sweet and savory. The addition of meaty mushrooms and bright green baby bok choy makes this a one-dish dinner you can take straight from grill to picnic table.  Chicken Mushroom Marinate Backyard BBQ Dinner Sherry Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Bok Choy Sesame Soy Sauce Gourmet.