Chilled Coconut Corn Soup recipe. Melt coconut oil over medium heat in a large pot. Add onion, ginger, tumeric, and 1/2 tsp. salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is translucent, 8–10 minutes. Break corn cobs in half and add to pot along with corn kernels, potato, coconut milk, lime zest, and 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook until potato is tender, 20–25 minutes. Discard corn cobs and lime zest, then transfer soup to a blender. Add 1/2 tsp. salt and purée until smooth. Let cool to room temperature. Transfer to a large bowl and chill, covered, at least 2 hours. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350°F. Spread coconut flakes on a small rimmed baking sheet and toast, tossing occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes; transfer to a plate. Stir lime juice into soup and adjust seasonings, thinning with water, if needed. Divide soup among bowls, then top with toasted coconut, avocado, and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges alongside. Soup can be made 4 days ahead. Cover and chill. Chilled Coconut Corn Soup has 1702.0 calories. Chilled Coconut Corn Soup has 49.0 grams of protein. Chilled Coconut Corn Soup has 46.0 grams of fat. Chilled Coconut Corn Soup has 566.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chilled Coconut Corn Soup are 2 tablespoons virgin coconut oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 (1/2") piece ginger, peeled, finely chopped (about 1 1/2 teaspoons), 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, plus more to taste, 6 ears of corn, kernels cut off (about 5 1/2 cups), cobs reserved, 1 Yukon Gold potato (about 5 ounces) peeled, cut into 1/2" cubes, 1 (14-ounce) can coconut milk, 2 (2") strips lime zest, 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Diced avocado, cilantro leaves with tender stems, and lime wedges (for serving).Fresh and bright, with the pure flavors of sweet corn and lime juice, this creamy vegan soup is exactly what you want for a light meal on a late summer day.  Soup Stew Ginger Onion Kid-Friendly Coconut Corn Summer Vegan.