Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies recipe. Bring 2 1/2 cups water, ginger, sugar, and chiles to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Reduce heat and briskly simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in mint, then remove pan from heat. Cover pan with a lid and let stand for 15 minutes. Strain ginger-mint tea through a fine-mesh sieve into a large liquid measuring cup or bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over remaining 1/2 cup water in cleaned saucepan and let stand for 1 minute to soften. Heat mixture over medium heat, stirring, until gelatin is dissolved, then stir mixture into ginger-mint tea until combined well. Measure liquid, and if it's less than 2 1/2 cups, add more water. If it's more, don't worry. Let mixture cool for 30 minutes, then divide among six 6- to 8-ounce) serving glasses. Chill jellies in a small baking pan, tops of glasses covered with a sheet of paper towel secured by plastic wrap, until set, at least 4 hours. Beat cream with sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer until it just holds soft peaks. Top jellies with cream, candied ginger, and mint sprigs. Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies has 185.0 calories. Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies has 6.0 grams of protein. Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies has 8.0 grams of fat. Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies has 31.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chile-Ginger-Mint Jellies are 3 cups water, 1 cup thinly sliced fresh ginger (about 4 ounces; no need to peel), 1/2 cup sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped serrano or jalapeño chiles, including seeds (see Cooks' notes), 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (almost one 1/4-ounce packet), 1 cup chilled heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, Thinly sliced candied ginger, Mint sprigs.If suave and hipster-hot is your idea of a dessert, you've just found it. These chile-ginger-mint jellies are an almost academic study in the contrasting sensations of hot and cool. The Chinese consider ginger to be hot—it's the source of heat in hot and sour soup—but Americans tend to view ginger more as a fresh, zinging accent of flavor. Add some fresh chile to the ginger and you introduce a new dimension of complexity that's counterbalanced by the cooling aspect of mint. The result? Your taste buds are rewarded with the dynamic duo of fiery hot and icy cold, all in one bite.  Milk Cream Ginger Dessert Mint Hot Pepper Summer Chile Pepper Gourmet Kidney Friendly Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.