Chili-Rubbed Baby Back Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk chili powder, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper in small bowl to blend. Rub spice mixture all over ribs. Place ribs in heavy large roasting pan. Boil beer in medium saucepan until reduced to 1 cup, about 5 minutes. Pour beer around ribs. Cover pan tightly with foil. Bake ribs until fork-tender, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Combine barbecue sauce, 1/2 cup water, brown sugar, and espresso powder in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer until flavors blend and sauce thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Ribs and barbecue sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool slightly, then cover separately and refrigerate.) Prepare barbecue medium heat). Brush ribs with some barbecue sauce. Grill ribs just until heated through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer ribs to platter. Bring remaining sauce to simmer. Brush ribs with more barbecue sauce. Serve ribs, passing remaining barbecue sauce separately. Chili-Rubbed Baby Back Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce has 1312.0 calories. Chili-Rubbed Baby Back Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce has 89.0 grams of protein. Chili-Rubbed Baby Back Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce has 76.0 grams of fat. Chili-Rubbed Baby Back Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce has 2702.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chili-Rubbed Baby Back Ribs with Espresso Barbecue Sauce are 2 tablespoons hot Mexican-style chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 pounds baby back pork ribs, 1 12-ounce bottle dark beer, 1 18-ounce bottle good-quality barbecue sauce, 1/2 cup water, 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder.Debra L. Warren of Lake Forest, Illinois, writes: "I have often indulged in Jay Lovell's phenomenal cuisine at his Lovell's of Lake Forest restaurant, and the ribs he prepared for an event I attended were out of this world. Could you possibly persuade the chef to share the recipe?".  Beer Coffee Bake Backyard BBQ Pork Rib Spice Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.