Chilled Crab Cakes with a Tropical Fruit Coulis recipe. Pureé the cantaloupe in a food processor fitted with the blade attachment until smooth. Pour into a medium–sized mixing bowl. Purée the pineapple until smooth. Combine pineapple purée with cantaloupe purée. Tie the fresh cilantro leaves in a 5-inch-square piece of cheesecloth. Add sachet to purée. Add lemon juice and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes or overnight. Before serving, taste and adjust seasoning with a pinch of sugar, if necessary. Combine crabmeat, lemon juice, cilantro, fish sauce, and jalapeño in a medium-sized mixing bowl. Fold carefully with a rubber spatula to prevent breaking up lumps of crabmeat. Place a ring mold, cookie cutter, or PVC piping that is about 2 inches tall and 2 1/2 inches wide on each of 4 chilled plates. With a teaspoon, scoop about 1/4 of the avocado from the shell and place at the bottom of the mold. Pack it down lightly with the back of the spoon. Place 1 tablespoon of mango on top of the avocado and press down gently. Top with 1/4 of crabmeat mixture and smooth off the top with the flat side of the knife. Carefully remove ring mold. Repeat process on the 3 remaining plates. Ladle Tropical Fruit Coulis around the edges of the crab mold and serve chilled. Chilled Crab Cakes with a Tropical Fruit Coulis has 250.0 calories. Chilled Crab Cakes with a Tropical Fruit Coulis has 15.0 grams of protein. Chilled Crab Cakes with a Tropical Fruit Coulis has 4.0 grams of fat. Chilled Crab Cakes with a Tropical Fruit Coulis has 933.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chilled Crab Cakes with a Tropical Fruit Coulis are 1 small cantaloupe, peeled and seeded, 1/2 fresh pineapple, peeled and cored, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 cups jumbo lump crabmeat, carefully picked, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 1/2 tablespoons nuoc nam (fish sauce), 1 1/2 tablespoons minced jalapeño pepper, 1/2 cup fresh avocado, halved with pit removed, 1/4 cup fresh mango, diced.When sweet, succulent jumbo crabmeat comes into season, this is an incredibly simple, light, and refreshing first course that requires no cooking. It can also be used as a main course for a summer luncheon.  Food Processor Fruit Shellfish Appetizer No-Cook Lunch Tropical Fruit Seafood Crab Avocado Summer Shower Party Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.