Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream recipe.  Whisk sour cream, cilantro, and garlic in small bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Cover and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add zucchini; stir to coat. Stir in broth; bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to mediumlow, and simmer until zucchini is tender, about 10 minutes. Cool to lukewarm. Add chopped cilantro. Working in batches, puree soup in blender until smooth. Transfer soup to large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and chill until cold, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Divide soup among bowls. Top each with shrimp, dividing equally. Spoon dollop of cilantro cream over each, garnish with cilantro sprigs, and serve. Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream has 323.0 calories. Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream has 24.0 grams of protein. Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream has 15.0 grams of fat. Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream has 551.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chilled Zucchini Soup with Lemon-Cumin Shrimp and Cilantro Cream are 1/2 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 small garlic clove, pressed, 1 pound peeled cooked medium shrimp, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced (about 2 cups), 2 garlic cloves, sliced, 6 medium zucchini (about 1 3/4 pounds), cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, 4 cups low-salt chicken broth, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro plus sprigs for garnish.This velvety soup has no cream except for the little bit of sour cream that's spooned on top. It's perfect for summer entertaining: All of the components can be prepared a day ahead.  Soup Stew Herb Vegetable Appetizer Low Cal High Fiber Mother's Day Dinner Lemon Seafood Shrimp Spice Zucchini Summer Potluck Sour Cream Cilantro Cumin Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.