Chinese-Flavored Fried Chicken with Green Onion-Ginger Dipping Sauce recipe.  Whisk all ingredients in small bowl to blend. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Whisk eggs, soy sauce and sesame oil in large bowl to blend. Add chicken to egg mixture, turning to coat. Cover; chill at least 2 hours or overnight. Heat vegetable oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat to 375°F. Mix flour, ground ginger, salt and pepper in another bowl. Add chicken thighs and drumsticks to flour mixture; turn to coat. Add fresh ginger to oil. Fry chicken thighs and drumsticks in hot oil until golden and cooked through, about 10 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer chicken to paper towels; drain. Coat chicken breasts and wings with flour mixture. Fry until golden and cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer to paper towels. Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Serve with dipping sauce. Chinese-Flavored Fried Chicken with Green Onion-Ginger Dipping Sauce has 2161.0 calories. Chinese-Flavored Fried Chicken with Green Onion-Ginger Dipping Sauce has 103.0 grams of protein. Chinese-Flavored Fried Chicken with Green Onion-Ginger Dipping Sauce has 173.0 grams of fat. Chinese-Flavored Fried Chicken with Green Onion-Ginger Dipping Sauce has 3169.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chinese-Flavored Fried Chicken with Green Onion-Ginger Dipping Sauce are 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 1/2 teaspoons hot chili sesame oil, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons oriental sesame oil, 1 4-to-4 1/2 pound whole chicken, cut into 12 pieces, 1 quart vegetable oil, 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 2 1-inch pieces fresh ginger, halved lengthwise.This crispy chicken is accented with ginger and sesame oil, and served with a simple dipping sauce of soy, cilantro, green onions and ginger. Wrap the chicken in foil, and store the sauce and slaw in plastic containers; be sure to add a cold pack or two to the picnic basket. Fill a thermos with limeade, or bring along a cooler of your favorite beers.  Chicken Ginger Onion Fry Chill Cilantro Soy Sauce Bon Appétit.