Chipotle Barbecue Pulled Turkey Drumstick Sliders with Brussels Sprout Slaw recipe. Preheat oven to 325°F. Remove turkey skin. Cook onion in oil with 1/2 teaspoon salt in Dutch oven over medium heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until well softened, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and spices and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in ketchup, vinegar, chiles, Worcestershire sauce, molasses, and 1/2 cup water and simmer mixture, stirring, 1 minute. Add drumsticks and cover pot, then braise in oven, turning drumsticks over once, until meat is very tender, about 2 hours. Transfer drumsticks to a bowl and cool. Discard bones, tendons, and any remaining skin, and pull meat with forks or fingers into coarse shreds. Stir meat into sauce remaining in pot. Thin, if necessary, with water to desired consistency and season with salt and pepper. Reheat over medium heat until hot. Spoon mixture into slider rolls and top with slaw. Chipotle Barbecue Pulled Turkey Drumstick Sliders with Brussels Sprout Slaw has 263.0 calories. Chipotle Barbecue Pulled Turkey Drumstick Sliders with Brussels Sprout Slaw has 29.0 grams of protein. Chipotle Barbecue Pulled Turkey Drumstick Sliders with Brussels Sprout Slaw has 13.0 grams of fat. Chipotle Barbecue Pulled Turkey Drumstick Sliders with Brussels Sprout Slaw has 1189.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chipotle Barbecue Pulled Turkey Drumstick Sliders with Brussels Sprout Slaw are 2 1/2 to 3 pounds turkey drumsticks, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 cup ketchup, 1/3 cup cider vinegar, 1 to 3 tablespoons finely chopped chipotle chiles in adobo, including some sauce (see Cooks' Notes), 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1/2 cup water, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 slider rolls (or other small, soft buns), split, Brussels Sprout Slaw, Special equipment: A 3 1/2- to 5-quart wide Dutch oven or other wide heavy pot with tight-fitting lid.Turkey drumsticks do not take kindly to the dry heat of an oven, which causes the meat to tighten up around the bone and tendons. But treat those same drumsticks to a long, slow, moist braise in barbecue sauce, and the meat falls off the bones, revealing tough tendons so numerous, you won't believe it.
Barbecue is a very personal subject for a lot of Americans. Some like it sweet, while others like it tangy, so season the mixture to your taste at the end of cooking. Above all, have fun with these cuties. Serve the sliders alongside the slices of breast and thigh meat at the big meal, or set them out with drinks for game-day fare. They'll disappear fast!.  Sandwich turkey Braise Super Bowl Thanksgiving Vinegar Winter Tailgating Family Reunion Poker Game Night Brussel Sprout Chile Pepper Gourmet.