Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Potatoes and Guacamole recipe.  Preheat broiler. Soak ancho chiles in boiling water 1 cup), 5 minutes. While chiles soak, broil tomatoes, onion slice, and garlic on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet 3"-4" from heat, turning once, until lightly charred, 5-7 minutes. Drain chiles, discarding soaking liquid, and add to blender with tomatoes, onion, garlic, chipotles with sauce, cumin, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and cold water 2 tablespoons). Purée until smooth. Preheat oven to 350°F. Wrap 2 stacks of tortillas in foil; warm in oven while finishing filling. Cook potatoes in a 3- to 4-quart pot of well-salted boiling water until just tender but not falling apart, 5-7 minutes. Drain. Coarsely grind chicken in a meat grinder or food processor or use pre-ground meat). Heat oil in a 12" heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add chile purée it will splatter) and cook, stirring, 4 minutes sauce will thicken). Add ground chicken and cook, stirring and breaking up clumps, 1 minute. Cover skillet and reduce heat; simmer, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, about 4 minutes. Gently stir in potatoes and reheat. Serve chicken and potatoes with warm tortillas and accompaniments. Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Potatoes and Guacamole has 618.0 calories. Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Potatoes and Guacamole has 28.0 grams of protein. Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Potatoes and Guacamole has 29.0 grams of fat. Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Potatoes and Guacamole has 186.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Potatoes and Guacamole are 2 dried ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, and torn into pieces, 1 cup boiling water, 1/2 pound small (about 2" diameter) tomatoes, 1 (1/2"-thick) slice from middle of a large white onion, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo, including some of adobo, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 12 fresh corn tortillas, 1 (1/2-pound) Yukon Gold potato, peeled and cut into 1/2" cubes, 1 pound chilled skinless boneless chicken thighs, cut into roughly 1 1/2" pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, guacamole (or use store-bought), crumbled queso fresco or ricotta salata, sliced radishes, lime wedges, cilantro sprigs, tomato salsa.These get our vote for the world's most enticing chicken tacos. Grinding the chicken yourself ensures that it's moist and flavorful, but if you buy it already ground, look for dark meat. Sliced radishes and limes make the dish especially fiesta-ready.  Food Processor Chicken Potato Tomato Broil Sauté Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Dinner Lunch Tortillas Chile Pepper Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.