Chipotle Beef Chili with Lime Crema recipe.  Heat heavy large pot over high heat. Add beef; sauté until cooked through, breaking up meat with spoon, about 8 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Add onions and garlic to same pot. Sauté until onions are tender, 8 minutes. Add chili powder. Sauté until fragrant, 3 minutes. Add beef, broth, tomatoes, stout and chilies. Cover partially; simmer until chili is thick, stirring often, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Gradually stir cornmeal into chili. Stir in beans. Simmer until heated through. Season generously with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over medium heat.) Whisk sour cream, lime juice and lime peel in small bowl. Season with salt. Spoon chili into bowls. Spoon lime crema atop chili. Serve with chips. Chipotle Beef Chili with Lime Crema has 935.0 calories. Chipotle Beef Chili with Lime Crema has 54.0 grams of protein. Chipotle Beef Chili with Lime Crema has 59.0 grams of fat. Chipotle Beef Chili with Lime Crema has 1331.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chipotle Beef Chili with Lime Crema are 3 pounds ground beef, 3 cups chopped onions, 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1/2 cup chili powder, 2 14 1/2-ounce cans beef broth, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes with added puree, 1/2 cup stout or dark beer, 2 tablespoons minced canned chipotle chilies, 2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 2 15 1/2-ounce cans black beans, drained, rinsed, 1 1/2 cups sour cream, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon grated lime peel, Corn tortilla chips.A typical chili of the depression years consisted of cheap meat stretched by even cheaper beans. Chili remained modestly popular even when the hard times waned, until Lyndon Johnson boosted its national profile during the 1960s. Now chili is back and bigger than ever. Even with the modern addition of smoked jalapeños (chipotles), the inclusion of black beans and beer, and a stylish drizzle of lime crema, this recipe is a classic-hot, hearty and filling.  Bean Beef Potato Vegetable Sauté Lime Ground Beef Red Wine Summer Bon Appétit.