Chipotle Braised Chicken recipe. Cook onion, garlic, and bay leaf in butter and 1/2 tablespoon oil with 1/8 teaspoon salt in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Pat chicken dry and season with 1 teaspoon salt. Brown chicken in remaining tablespoon oil in 2 batches, 5 to 6 minutes per batch, transferring to a plate as browned. Discard all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet, then stir in chile powder and onion mixture and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in water and bring to a simmer, scraping up brown bits. Add chicken and cook, covered, over low heat, turning chicken once, until just cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer chicken and onions with a slotted spoon to a platter. Skim off and discard fat from sauce, then boil until slightly thickened. Stir in lime juice and cilantro and spoon sauce over chicken. Chipotle Braised Chicken has 824.0 calories. Chipotle Braised Chicken has 64.0 grams of protein. Chipotle Braised Chicken has 59.0 grams of fat. Chipotle Braised Chicken has 264.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chipotle Braised Chicken are 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, then thinly sliced lengthwise, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 pounds chicken parts, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, lime wedges.A straightforward stovetop braise makes this savory chicken just right for a weeknight. A little chipotle chile powder (left over from Pork Spice Rub ) gives the chicken a spark of heat, while lime juice and cilantro bring freshness to the cooking liquid. Serve this with Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad and your meal's complete.  Chicken Onion Braise Dinner Spice Family Reunion Healthy Cilantro Lime Juice Gourmet Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.