Chocolate Panna Cotta with Port- and Balsamic-Glazed Cherries recipe. Brush six 3/4-cup glass custard cups with canola oil. Pour milk into medium bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over; let stand until gelatin softens, about 5 minutes. Stir cream and sugar in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to boil; remove from heat. Add chocolate; whisk until melted. Whisk warm chocolate mixture into gelatin mixture; stir to dissolve. Stir in vanilla. Working in 2 batches, transfer mixture to blender and use only 3 on/off turns to just fully blend mixture do not overmix). Divide mixture among custard cups. Cover and chill 24 hours. Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Stir cherries, Port, sugar, and vinegar in heavy large skillet over high heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer until cherries are soft and wooden spoon leaves path in sauce when drawn across bottom of skillet, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Cool to room temperature. Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before continuing.) Set custard cups in large baking dish. Pour enough hot water into dish to come halfway up sides of cups. Let stand 11/2 minutes. Take cups out of water; wipe bottoms dry. Invert each onto plate, shaking gently to dislodge panna cotta. Spoon cherries and sauce over panna cottas and serve. Chocolate Panna Cotta with Port- and Balsamic-Glazed Cherries has 973.0 calories. Chocolate Panna Cotta with Port- and Balsamic-Glazed Cherries has 9.0 grams of protein. Chocolate Panna Cotta with Port- and Balsamic-Glazed Cherries has 77.0 grams of fat. Chocolate Panna Cotta with Port- and Balsamic-Glazed Cherries has 78.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chocolate Panna Cotta with Port- and Balsamic-Glazed Cherries are Canola oil, 1 cup whole milk, 2 1/4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 cups whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar, 5 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound cherries, stemmed, pitted, 3/4 cup ruby Port, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar.Port wine and balsamic vinegar deepen the fresh fruit flavors in the cherry sauce. Be sure to get started at least one day ahead; the panna cotta custards must chill for 24 hours before serving.  Chocolate Dairy Dessert Cherry Port Chill Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.