Chocolate-Garlic Mojo with Toasted Cuban Bread (Tostadas de Pan Cubano con Mojo de Chocolate) recipe. To prepare the ganache, put the chocolate in a double-boiler or a heatproof bowl over simmering water. When the chocolate is almost melted, remove from the heat and stir from the center out with a rubber spatula until smooth. Combine the garlic and olive oil in a small skillet and just heat it through over low heat. Pour in a stream over the melted chocolate while stirring gently with the spatula, again from the center out. Season with salt to taste. Add the lime juice and stir gently to blend smoothly. The mixture will thicken like mayonnaise. Keep at room temperature. When you are ready to serve, warm the sauce over simmering water if it has become too stiff. Toast the bread on both sides on a grill or under the broiler. Arrange the toasted slices on a large platter or flat basket lined with a plantain-leaf square. Accompany with the sauce in a bowl or cruet, the coarse salt, and a couple of decorative butter knives. ¡Delicioso! The ingredients of Chocolate-Garlic Mojo with Toasted Cuban Bread (Tostadas de Pan Cubano con Mojo de Chocolate) are 9 ounces dark chocolate, preferably Cluizel Concepción (66% cacao) or Cluizel Los Ancones (67% cacao), or a combination of the two, finely chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, ground to a fine paste with mortar and pestle, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, Coarse sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 loaf Cuban bread (about 10 ounces), thinly sliced on the diagonal, Coarse sea salt.A sensuous variation on the theme of bread and chocolate is a silky ganache flavored with a garlicky Cuban-style olive oil mojo, smeared over slices of Cuban bread. Because the ingredients are so few and basic, it is important to use a not-too-bitter premium chocolate. I also like the effect of a mellow Spanish extra-virgin olive oil made with Arbequina olives, with their slight accent of apple peel. Sea salt sprinkled on the bread right at the moment of serving brings out all the flavors.  Condiment Spread Chocolate Garlic Dessert.