Chocolate Peppermint Stars recipe.  Make Buttery Sugar Cookie dough as directed, but reduce the flour to 1 1/3 cups and add the cocoa. Whisk the flour and cocoa together. Halve dough and wrap each half in wax paper, shaping each into a flattened rectangle, then store each half in a resealable plastic bag. Chill dough until firm, at least 2 hours. Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. While oven heats, roll out 1 piece of dough keep remaining dough chilled) between two large sheets of wax paper to slightly less than 1/4 inch thick. If dough becomes too soft to roll out, quick-chill on a baking sheet in the freezer or chill in the refrigerator until firm.) Peel back top sheet of wax paper and cut out as many cookies with cutter as possible. Transfer cookies, as cut, to a lined baking sheet, arranging them 1 inch apart. If dough becomes too soft to remove the cookies, quick-chill on a baking sheet in the freezer or chill in the refrigerator until firm.) Gather, reroll, and chill scraps to form more cookies. Freeze or chill cut-out cookies on baking sheet until firm before baking. Bake cookies, one sheet at time, until edges are a shade darker and centers are set, 9 to 12 minutes. For picture-perfect cookies, use cookie cutters while cookies are hot from the oven to trim edges. Keep trimmings for snacks.) Transfer cookies with a metal spatula to racks to cool completely. Make more cookies with remaining dough. Cool baking sheets and use fresh parchment between batches.) Using the offset spatula or a small rubber spatula, spread cooled cookies with a thin layer of melted chocolate, then sprinkle with some crushed candy canes. Let cookies stand at room temperature until the chocolate has set, about 1 hour. The ingredients of Chocolate Peppermint Stars are Buttery Sugar Cookie dough recipe with an addition and adjustments, 2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 cup coarsely crushed small red and white candy canes (see Cooks' Notes), 4 ounces good bittersweet (60% cacao) chocolate, melted (see Cooks' Notes), Special equipment: Wax paper; parchment paper; 2 large baking sheets; 2- to 3-inch star cookie cutters; small offset spatula (optional).If you've been looking for a chocolate sugar cookie that doesn't wimp out, delivering the dark chocolate hit you crave, this is the one for you. The thin coating of melted bittersweet chocolate, along with a festive sprinkle of crushed candy canes, only enhances the depth of flavor inherent in the cookie's deep brown color.  Cookies Chocolate Dessert Bake Christmas Kid-Friendly Christmas Eve Gourmet.