Chocolate-Coconut Pound Cake recipe.  Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter an 8x4" loaf pan; line with parchment paper, leaving a generous overhang on long sides. Whisk flour, cocoa powder, salt, and baking powder in a medium bowl; set aside. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat oil, 1/4 cup butter, and 1 1/2 cups sugar until pale and fluffy, 5–7 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating to blend between additions; beat until mixture is very light and doubled in volume, 5–8 minutes. Add vanilla. Reduce mixer speed to low and add dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with buttermilk in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients do not overmix; it will cause cake to buckle and split). Scrape batter into prepared pan and run a spatula through the center, creating a canal. Sprinkle with coconut and remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake cake, tenting with foil if coconut browns too much before cake is done it should be very dark and toasted), until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 70–80 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack; let cake cool in pan 20 minutes before turning out. DO AHEAD: Cake can be baked 5 days ahead. Keep tightly wrapped at room temperature. Chocolate-Coconut Pound Cake has 471.0 calories. Chocolate-Coconut Pound Cake has 7.0 grams of protein. Chocolate-Coconut Pound Cake has 24.0 grams of fat. Chocolate-Coconut Pound Cake has 342.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chocolate-Coconut Pound Cake are 1/4 cup unsalted butter, plus more, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 cup virgin coconut oil, room temperature, 1 1/2 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2/3 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes.The fragrant richness of coconut oil and the tenderizing power of buttermilk make this the ultimate chocolate pound cake.  Cake Chocolate Dessert Bake Coconut Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.