Chocolate Chip Meringues with Ice Cream, Peppermint Candies and Chocolate-Mint Sauce recipe. Preheat oven to 225°. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper. Using small bowl or can as guide, trace three 4-inch-diameter circles on parchment on each baking sheet; turn parchment over circles will show through). Brush parchment with melted butter. Whisk powdered sugar and 2 tablespoons sugar in small bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat egg whites and salt in large bowl until foamy and beginning to hold soft peaks. Slowly beat in 1/2 cup sugar; continue beating until whites are stiff and shiny. Fold in powdered sugar mixture, then chocolate. Spoon meringue by generous 1/2 cupfuls into center of each circle. Using back of spoon, spread meringue to edge of circle and indent center to form shallow bowl. Bake meringues until crisp, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Place baking sheets on racks; cool completely. Meringues can be prepared 4 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.) Bring cream, water and sugar to boil in medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat to low; add chocolate. Whisk until melted. Remove from heat; stir in extract. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm sauce over low heat before using.) Place 1 meringue in center of each plate. Top with scoops of ice cream. Drizzle with chocolate sauce. Sprinkle with chopped candies. Serve immediately. Chocolate Chip Meringues with Ice Cream, Peppermint Candies and Chocolate-Mint Sauce has 611.0 calories. Chocolate Chip Meringues with Ice Cream, Peppermint Candies and Chocolate-Mint Sauce has 7.0 grams of protein. Chocolate Chip Meringues with Ice Cream, Peppermint Candies and Chocolate-Mint Sauce has 27.0 grams of fat. Chocolate Chip Meringues with Ice Cream, Peppermint Candies and Chocolate-Mint Sauce has 142.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chocolate Chip Meringues with Ice Cream, Peppermint Candies and Chocolate-Mint Sauce are Melted unsalted butter, 2/3 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup egg whites (from about 4 large eggs), 1/8 teaspoon salt, 2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1/4 cup whipping cream, 1/4 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3/4 teaspoon peppermint extract, 1 1/2 pints chocolate ice cream or peppermint stick ice cream, 1/2 cup chopped red-and-white-striped hard peppermint candies. Chocolate Dairy Egg Dessert Bake Christmas Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.