Chop Suey recipe.  Stir together garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, soy sauce, salt, and 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch in a bowl. Stir in pork and marinate 15 minutes. Keep cut vegetables separate. Heat a wok over high heat until a bead of water dropped onto cooking surface evaporates immediately. Drizzle 1 teaspoon vegetable oil around side of wok, then stir-fry celery, seasoning with salt, until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer celery to a large bowl. Reheat wok and stir-fry each remaining vegetable separately in same manner but allow only 1 minute for bean sprouts), adding 1 teaspoon oil to wok before each batch and seasoning with salt. When stir-frying bok choy, begin with ribs, then add leaves and 1 tablespoon water after 1 minute. Transfer each vegetable as cooked to bowl with celery. Stir together chicken broth, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, and 1 teaspoon cornstarch. Reheat wok over high heat until a bead of water evaporates immediately. Drizzle 1 tablespoon vegetable oil around side of wok, then stir-fry pork until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Return all vegetables to wok and toss. Make a well in center, then stir broth mixture and add to well. Bring sauce to a boil, undisturbed, then stir to combine with pork and vegetables. Serve immediately, with cooked rice. Chop Suey has 198.0 calories. Chop Suey has 19.0 grams of protein. Chop Suey has 8.0 grams of fat. Chop Suey has 1033.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chop Suey are 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 1/2 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 pound pork tenderloin, cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick strips, 2 celery ribs diagonally cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 6 oz snow peas diagonally cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 1/2 lb bok choy, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices (leaves and ribs separately), 1/4 lb mushrooms cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 1 onion, halved lengthwise and into 1/4-inch-thick strips, 1 green bell pepper cut into 1/4-inch-thick strips, then halved crosswise, 1/4 lb mung bean sprouts, rinsed and drained, 1 (5-oz) can sliced water chestnuts, 1 (5-oz) can sliced bamboo shoots, 1/4 cup chicken broth, Vegetable oil, Water, Salt and pepper to taste, N/A pepper.Chinese viceroy Li Hung Chang, visiting San Francisco's Palace Hotel in the 1890s, requested vegetables with a bit of meat "job suey," or "in fine pieces," and chef Joseph Herder obliged.  Pork Vegetable Stir-Fry Dinner Bok Choy Sugar Snap Pea Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free No Sugar Added.