Chopped Fried-Fish Tacos (Tacos de salpicón de pescado) recipe. Put the fish in a large bowl, add 1 tablespoon of the lime juice and the salt, and toss well. Put the flour in another large bowl, add the fish, and toss very well to evenly coat the fish. Pour 3 inches of canola oil into a Dutch oven or medium pot and heat the oil over medium-high heat until it reaches 375°F on a deep-fry thermometer. Working in batches to avoid crowding the oil, shake off a little flour from the fish, then add the fish to the oil and fry until the pieces are lightly golden brown and crispy, about 2 minutes per batch. Transfer the fried fish to a paper towel to drain. When the fish is just cool enough to handle, put it in a large bowl and add the onions, cilantro, chiles, Worcestershire sauce, olive oil, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of lime juice. Toss and mix well with your hands or a spoon, breaking up the strips into small pieces as you do. Season to taste with more lime juice, chiles, and salt. Serve alongside tortillas and lime wedges, topped with avocado slices and Fresh Green Salsa. Chopped Fried-Fish Tacos (Tacos de salpicón de pescado) has 120.0 calories. Chopped Fried-Fish Tacos (Tacos de salpicón de pescado) has 6.0 grams of protein. Chopped Fried-Fish Tacos (Tacos de salpicón de pescado) has 8.0 grams of fat. Chopped Fried-Fish Tacos (Tacos de salpicón de pescado) has 162.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chopped Fried-Fish Tacos (Tacos de salpicón de pescado) are 1 pound skinless boneless cod, flounder, or tilapia fillets, cut into approximately 3-by-1/2-inch strips, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, All-purpose flour, for frying, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup finely diced white onions, 1 cup chopped cilantro, 2 fresh serrano or jalapeño chiles, finely chopped (including seeds), plus more to taste, 5 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive or vegetable oil, Warm corn tortillas, lime wedges, avocado slices, and Fresh Green Salsa , for serving.Take fried fish, break it up, and douse it with lime juice, Worcestershire sauce, chiles, and cilantro, and you have an incredible jumble of textures and flavors. Because you hack the fish into bits, there's no need to find perfect-for-presentation fillets, so this is a great way to use those that aren't flawless, as long as they're fresh.  Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Cinco de Mayo Dinner Lunch Cod Healthy Low Cholesterol Tortillas Lime Juice Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.