Chris Lilly's Flank Steak and Shiitake Yakitori recipe. Place 12 to 14 4-inch) skewers in water to soak. Cut the shiitake mushroom caps in half and place them in a mixing bowl. In a medium saucepan, combine the marinade ingredients and bring to a simmer; simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour the hot liquid over the mushroom caps. Marinate for 20 minutes. Cut the flank steak across the grain into 1/4-inch strips. Cut the scallion tops into 1-inch pieces. Remove the mushrooms from the marinade and set the marinade aside. Use a skewer to pierce the flank steak at the end of the strip. Next pierce a piece of mushroom cap, followed by a scallion top. Weave the flank steak strip around the mushroom and scallion and continue skewering mushroom, scallion, and flank steak until the steak strip ends. Lightly season the skewers with salt and pepper. Preheat a hot grill. Dip each skewer into the leftover marinade and place on the grill over direct heat. Grill for 2 minutes on each side, or until the steak browns. Remove the skewers from the grill and serve. Chris Lilly's Flank Steak and Shiitake Yakitori has 194.0 calories. Chris Lilly's Flank Steak and Shiitake Yakitori has 17.0 grams of protein. Chris Lilly's Flank Steak and Shiitake Yakitori has 6.0 grams of fat. Chris Lilly's Flank Steak and Shiitake Yakitori has 932.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Chris Lilly's Flank Steak and Shiitake Yakitori are 28 shiitake mushroom caps, 3/4 cup soy sauce, 3/4 cup mirin (rice wine), 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 cup water, Juice of 1/2 lime, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3/4 teaspoon peeled, grated fresh ginger, 1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 1 (1 1/2-to 2-pound) flank steak, 1 bunch scallion tops, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper.When Chris Lilly is at the grill and says to you, "Come on back and have a bite when this is ready," he's not making polite idle talk. Take him seriously. Ask him when it will be ready and make a point of being there. Chris, with father-in-law Don McLemore and the Big Bob Gibson competition barbeque team, has brought home so many contest cooking and sauce awards to his hometown of Decatur, Alabama, that we've lost count. Chris has honed his culinary skills to reach far beyond the basic superb down-home flavors of Alabama barbequed pork and chicken. This grilled flank steak recipe is a perfect marriage of authentic Asian flavors and grilling techniques. If you've ever enjoyed grilled meat skewers at an Asian farmers' market—Guangzhou, for example—this dish will put some good memories and wow in your mouth. Chris's version is second to none!.  Beef Mushroom Backyard BBQ Dinner Meat Steak Grill Grill Barbecue Soy Sauce Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.