Cider, Bacon, and Golden Raisin Stuffing recipe. Preheat oven to 325ºF. Butter a 13x9x2" baking dish. Arrange bread cubes in a single layer on 2 rimmed baking sheets. Toast, stirring occasionally, until dry and crisp, 25–30 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a very large bowl. Meanwhile, bring cider to a boil in a large wide pot and cook until reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 40 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Bring raisins, vinegar, and 2 Tbsp. water just to a simmer in a small skillet over medium heat to warm through. Transfer to a small bowl; let cool, then drain. Cook bacon in a 12" skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until brown and crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain do not wipe out skillet). Heat 1/4 cup butter in same skillet over medium-high until melted. Add chopped celery stalks, apples, shallots, garlic, thyme, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 10–12 minutes. Add celery mixture, celery leaves, raisins, bacon, and parsley to bread cubes and toss to combine. Mix in reserved cider and 1 1/4 cups broth. Beat eggs in a small bowl, then stir into stuffing; add more broth if stuffing is dry. Transfer to prepared baking dish. Bake stuffing until cooked through and golden brown on top, about 1 hour. Stuffing mixture can be prepared up until step before adding the eggs 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Cider, Bacon, and Golden Raisin Stuffing has 543.0 calories. Cider, Bacon, and Golden Raisin Stuffing has 16.0 grams of protein. Cider, Bacon, and Golden Raisin Stuffing has 26.0 grams of fat. Cider, Bacon, and Golden Raisin Stuffing has 946.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cider, Bacon, and Golden Raisin Stuffing are 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 1 (3/4-pound) loaf country bread, cut into 1/2" cubes (about 8 cups), 1 (1/2-pound) loaf whole grain bread, cut into 1/2" cubes (about 4 cups), 6 cups apple cider, 3/4 cup golden raisins (about 4 ounces), 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 pound thick-cut smoked bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2" pieces, 1 large head of celery, stalks chopped (about 3 cups), whole leaves reserved, 2 Gala or Honeycrisp apples, cored, coarsely chopped, 4 large shallots, coarsely chopped (about 2 cups), 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped thyme, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3/4 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley, 1 1/4 cups chicken broth, plus more if needed, 2 large eggs.A blend of whole grain and country breads gives this stuffing just the right deep, earthy flavor, while cider and vinegar-spiked golden raisins lend a few high notes. And the bacon? That's what makes it irresistible.  Stuffing Dressing Bacon Raisin Thanksgiving Kid-Friendly Side Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.