Cilantro Coconut Rice recipe.  Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Wash rice in several changes of cold water in a bowl until water is almost clear. Soak rice in cold water 30 minutes, then drain well in a sieve. Spread coconut in a shallow baking pan and toast in oven, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely. Cook ginger and jalapeño in 1 tablespoon oil in a 4-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring, until chile is softened, about 2 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir in water and 1/2 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil, covered. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, until rice is tender and water is absorbed, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork and transfer to a large bowl. While rice cooks, pulse together coconut, cilantro, scallions, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until finely chopped. Add cilantro mixture to cooked rice and stir gently until combined well. Cilantro Coconut Rice has 272.0 calories. Cilantro Coconut Rice has 4.0 grams of protein. Cilantro Coconut Rice has 6.0 grams of fat. Cilantro Coconut Rice has 260.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cilantro Coconut Rice are 3 cups basmati rice (20 ounces), 3/4 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh jalapeño including seeds (from 1 chile), 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups packed fresh cilantro sprigs, 4 scallions, chopped (1 cup).We decided to use sweetened flaked coconut rather than fresh coconut for this recipe because it not only saves time but enhances the overall flavor of the dish, adding a touch of subtle sweetness. Soaking the basmati rice strengthens the grains to prevent the rice from breaking down during cooking.  Food Processor Ginger Rice Side Coconut Jalapeño Cilantro Simmer Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.