Cincinnati Chili recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large deep skillet over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add lamb; cook until browned, breaking into pieces, about 15 minutes. Add cocoa and next 4 ingredients; stir 3 minutes. Stir in 4 cups broth and next 6 ingredients. Bring to boil; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer uncovered until thickened, stirring often, about 1 hour. Spoon fat from top of chili. Season with salt and pepper. Thin with broth by 1/3 cupfuls. Stir in 2 tablespoons parsley. Meanwhile, cook spaghetti in pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Transfer to large bowl. Toss with beans and 2 tablespoons oil. Season with salt and pepper. Divide spaghetti among bowls. Top with chili. Garnish with cheese, onions, and parsley. Cincinnati Chili has 906.0 calories. Cincinnati Chili has 46.0 grams of protein. Cincinnati Chili has 49.0 grams of fat. Cincinnati Chili has 851.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cincinnati Chili are 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 3 cups chopped onions, 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 pounds ground lamb, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 4 2/3 cups (about) low-salt beef broth, divided, 1/3 cup tomato paste, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon (packed) brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided, 1 pound spaghetti, 2 15-ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed, drained coarsely, Coarsely rated goat's-milk gouda cheese or goat's-milk, Cheddar cheese, Chopped onions.Home turf: Ohio
Local flavor: Spaghetti topped with chili: It's as simple (and as bizarrely satisfying) as that. This combo has inspired some 200 chili parlors in the Cincinnati area. What sets it apart? It's thinner than your average chili and is packed with aromatic spices (allspice, cinnamon)—and a touch of chocolate. *Beef is the protein of choice, but we've gone with lamb here, which is amazing with the spice blend.
Make it a meal: garlic bread, salad with ranch dressing, and Samuel Adams black lager ($8 per six-pack).  Bean Lamb Pasta Sauté Super Bowl Kid-Friendly High Fiber Dinner Goat Cheese Ground Lamb Winter Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.