Clay-Pot Miso Chicken recipe. Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in middle. Pat chicken dry, then roast, skin side up, in 1 layer in a 17- by 12-inch shallow baking pan until skin is golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. While chicken roasts, soak wood ear mushrooms in 4 cups water until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain in a sieve, then rinse well and discard any hard pieces. Drain well, squeezing out excess water. Transfer roasted chicken to a bowl and pour pan juices through a fine-mesh sieve into a 1-quart glass measure. Let stand until fat rises to top, 1 to 2 minutes, then skim off and discard fat. Add enough stock to bring total to 4 cups liquid. Reduce oven to 300°F and move rack to lower third. Peel burdock root, and, if more than 1-inch-thick, halve lengthwise. Cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces. Transfer burdock root to a bowl, then add vinegar and 2 cups water. Heat oil in a 7- to 8-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté onions until softened and beginning to brown. Add shiitakes, ginger, and garlic and sauté until garlic is golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add mirin and boil, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, 1 minute. Stir in miso and soy sauce, then stir in chicken, wood ear mushrooms, burdock drained), stock mixture, and remaining 4 cups water. Bring to a boil, skimming off any froth. Cover pot and braise in oven until chicken is tender, about 1 hour. Stir in mustard greens and continue to braise, covered, 5 minutes. Serve in shallow bowls. Clay-Pot Miso Chicken has 1361.0 calories. Clay-Pot Miso Chicken has 95.0 grams of protein. Clay-Pot Miso Chicken has 94.0 grams of fat. Clay-Pot Miso Chicken has 2878.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Clay-Pot Miso Chicken are 16 chicken thighs with skin and bone (5 pounds), 1/2 cup dried wood ear mushrooms, 10 cups water, divided, About 4 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth (32 fluid ounces), 2 (c) stalks burdock root (sometimes called gobo) or salsify (optional), 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar or fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large onions, coarsely chopped, 1 lb fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, large caps quartered, 3 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger, 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 1 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine), 1 cup white miso (also called shiro miso), 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1 lb mustard greens, tough stems and ribs discarded and leaves coarsely chopped (16 cups), Accompaniment: steamed Asian white rice, Garnish: chopped scallions.Though this rich, intense, homey stew has the depth of a recipe handed down through generations, it's actually a modern interpretation, by Momofuku partner Joaquin Baca, of a Mexican stew he grew up eating, made with Japanese ingredients. And it's the best kind of comfort food: The dark greens, mushrooms, and burdock, braised with silky chicken in a savory broth, make this single dish feel like a satisfying, well-balanced meal.  Soup Stew Chicken Ginger Leafy Green Mushroom Poultry Vegetable Roast Sauté Dinner Lunch Spice Fall Winter Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.