Cobb Salad with Balsamic Shallot Vinaigrette recipe. To make the vinaigrette, combine the vinegar, salt, and pepper in a blender. With the machine running, gradually add the oil. Add the shallots and pulse briefly to combine. Pour into a serving bowl and set aside. Pound each chicken breast half between 2 heavy duty plastic bags with a flat meat pounder to an even 1/2-inch thickness. Season with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning halfway through cooking, until golden brown on both sides, about 6 minutes. Add ¼ cup water, reduce the heat to medium-low, and cover. Simmer until the chicken feels firm when pressed in the center, about 8 minutes. Uncover, increase the heat to high, and cook until the liquid is evaporated and the chicken is sizzling, about 1 minute. Transfer chicken to a carving board and let cool. Cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces. Spread the lettuce on a large platter. Top with the chicken, tomatoes, avocados, bacon, hard-boiled eggs, and blue cheese arranged in rows. Serve immediately, with the vinaigrette passed on the side. Cobb Salad with Balsamic Shallot Vinaigrette has 1010.0 calories. Cobb Salad with Balsamic Shallot Vinaigrette has 44.0 grams of protein. Cobb Salad with Balsamic Shallot Vinaigrette has 87.0 grams of fat. Cobb Salad with Balsamic Shallot Vinaigrette has 1385.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cobb Salad with Balsamic Shallot Vinaigrette are 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 8-ounce skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 8-ounce romaine hearts, washed, dried, and torn into bite-sized pieces, 2 large ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 ripe avocados, pitted, peeled, and diced, 8 strips turkey bacon, cooked and coarsely chopped, 2 hard-boiled eggs, coarsely chopped, 1 cup (4 ounces) crumbled reduced-fat blue cheese.It is a salad, but cobb salad was never meant to be a healthful or low-fat dish. Because Ryan Howard is a conscientious eater, however, this version is a lighter version that still packs some punch from the familiar flavors of the original. Use reduced-fat blue cheese and turkey bacon, serve the dressing on the side, and dig into this classic mega-salad.  Salad Chicken Egg Fourth of July Super Bowl Father's Day Lunch Vinegar Blue Cheese Bacon Fall Spring Summer Shallot.