Coconut Shortbread Cookies recipe. Preheat oven to 325°F. Spread coconut on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until coconut is light golden, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Cool completely. Using electric mixer, beat butter and sugar in large bowl until well blended. Mix in salt and vanilla. Beat in flour in 2 additions. Stir in toasted coconut. Gather dough together; divide in half. Flatten each half into disk; wrap each in plastic and chill at least 1 hour. Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out.) Preheat oven to 325°F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll out 1 dough disk on lightly floured work surface to scant 1/4-inch thickness. Using 1 3/4- to 2-inch-diameter cookie cutters, cut dough into rounds. Transfer cookies to prepared baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart. Gather dough scraps and reroll; cut out additional cookies. Repeat procedure with remaining dough disk until all of dough is used. Bake cookies until light golden, about 20 minutes. Cool on baking sheets 10 minutes. Transfer cookies to racks and cool completely. Can be made ahead. Store airtight at room temperature up to 1 week.) *Available at natural foods stores and some supermarkets. Coconut Shortbread Cookies has 65.0 calories. Coconut Shortbread Cookies has 1.0 grams of protein. Coconut Shortbread Cookies has 4.0 grams of fat. Coconut Shortbread Cookies has 32.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut Shortbread Cookies are 1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut* (about 3 ounces), 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 2/3 cups all purpose flour.This recipe yields enough cookies to make the crust for the Tropical Cheesecake and the crumbs and garnish for the Banana-Cream Parfaits .  Cookies Mixer Dessert Bake Coconut Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.