Coconut-Fudge Cheesecake recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Wrap foil around outside of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Blend all ingredients in processor until nuts are finely ground and crumbs stick together. Press crust mixture over bottom and 2 inches up sides of prepared pan. Bake until set, about 10 minutes. Cool. Maintain oven temperature. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, sugar and extract in large bowl to blend. Beat in cream of coconut, shredded coconut and flour. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until just combined. Pour filling into crust. Bake until top is brown and center is almost set, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool. Cover and chill overnight. Bring cream and syrup to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Add chocolate chips; whisk until smooth. Cool to just lukewarm. Pour topping over cake. Sprinkle edge with almonds and coconut. Chill until topping is set, about 2 hours. Can be made 2 days ahead; cover and refrigerate.) *Available in the liquor department of most supermarkets nationwide. Coconut-Fudge Cheesecake has 858.0 calories. Coconut-Fudge Cheesecake has 12.0 grams of protein. Coconut-Fudge Cheesecake has 61.0 grams of fat. Coconut-Fudge Cheesecake has 490.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut-Fudge Cheesecake are 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 3/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1/2 cup sweetened shredded coconut, toasted, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 3/4 cup sugar, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup canned cream of coconut (such as Coco López)*, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, toasted, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 4 large eggs, 5 tablespoons whipping cream, 5 tablespoons light corn syrup, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips (about 1 1/3 cups), 3/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut, toasted."Recently my future in-laws came to dinner for the first time. My fiancé had mentioned their love of chocolate and coconut, so I knew I had to dazzle them with a sensational dessert," writes Sarah Smythe of New London, Connecticut . "This cheesecake worked beautifully.".  Cake Milk Cream Mixer Chocolate Dairy Dessert Bake Cream Cheese Coconut Fall Bon Appétit Connecticut Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.