Coconut Milk Custard With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote recipe. Blend coconut and 4 1/2 cups warm water in a blender until creamy, 2-3 minutes. Pour mixture through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth into a large bowl, squeezing the cheesecloth to extract all of the coconut milk. Discard coconut solids. Vigorously whisk egg yolks and granulated sugar in a medium saucepan until mixture is pale and smooth, 2-3 minutes. Whisk in potato starch and salt. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; reserve pod for another use. Gradually whisk in coconut milk. Set saucepan over medium-high heat and cook, whisking constantly, until mixture thickens to a custard-like consistency and coats the back of the spoon, 5-7 minutes. Remove from heat and use a rubber spatula to push custard through another fine-mesh strainer into another large bowl. Let cool slightly, stirring occasionally. Divide custard evenly into ramekins about 1/2 cup custard per ramekin) and chill until set, 2-3 hours. Meanwhile, cook rhubarb, strawberries, and brown sugar in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until fruit is soft and juicy, 5-7 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool, then chill until ready to serve. To serve, top custards with strawberry-rhubarb compote and sprinkle with pistachios. Coconut Milk Custard With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote has 422.0 calories. Coconut Milk Custard With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote has 6.0 grams of protein. Coconut Milk Custard With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote has 32.0 grams of fat. Coconut Milk Custard With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote has 86.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut Milk Custard With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote are 3 1/2 cups unsweetened shredded coconut (about 12 ounces), 7 large egg yolks, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons potato starch, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/2 pound rhubarb, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 1/2 cups quartered strawberries (about 6 ounces), 1/3 cup (packed) light brown sugar, Coarsely chopped pistachios, for serving, Eight 6-ounce ramekins, dessert bowls, or teacups.End your meal with this creamy, coconut milk custard topped with a sweet-tart fruit compote and crunchy pistachios.  Dessert Passover Kid-Friendly Strawberry Coconut Rhubarb Ramekin Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.