Coconut Tamales recipe.  Soak corn husks in large bowl of hot water for 1/2 hour, then separate and continue to soak until pliable, up to 1/2 hour more. Tear one or two husks into 1/4-inch strips to use for tying the tamales. Boil 1 cup water in medium saucepan. Remove from heat and gradually stir in masa. Cover and let cool. Combine 1/3 cup water, sugar, small pinch salt, and vanilla bean, if using, in small saucepan. Bring to simmer, simmer for 5 minutes. Take pan off heat and stir in coconut and vanilla flavoring or extract, if using. Cool. In standing mixer fitted with whisk attachment, cream butter or shortening with baking powder, if using. Add masa and coconut mixtures, and beat until dough is smooth, fluffy, and light. Arrange steamer rack in very large stockpot and add water to just below bottom of rack. Cover and bring water to boil. Place 12 drained corn husks on work surface. Put 3 to 4 tablespoons masa dough into center of one husk and spoon some raisins on top. Fold long sides over filling, then tie ends of tamale shut with husk strips. Repeat process to make 12 tamales. Place upright, leaning against one another, in steamer. If necessary, insert pieces of crumpled foil between tamales to keep them upright. Cover and steam until dough is firm to touch and separates easily from husk, adding more water to pot as necessary, about 1 hour. Serve with Slow-Braised Lamb Shanks with Guajillo-Pineapple Sauce . Coconut Tamales has 379.0 calories. Coconut Tamales has 5.0 grams of protein. Coconut Tamales has 17.0 grams of fat. Coconut Tamales has 27.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut Tamales are 15 dried corn husks (2 oz, or 1/4 package), 2 cups masa harina for tamales (see Tips, below), 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 vanilla bean, or 3/4 teaspoon pure nonalcoholic vanilla flavoring (see Tips, below) or vanilla extract, 1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 1/3 cup vegetable shortening or butter, softened, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder (optional, see Tips, below), 1/3 cup raisins.(Tamal de Coco).  Side Steam Passover Coconut Cornmeal Spring Kosher Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.