Coconut Tapioca With Pineapple, Mango, And Lime recipe.  In a small saucepan, combine the milk, coconut milk, and vanilla and bring to a gentle simmer over medium-low heat. Stir in the tapioca, decrease the heat to low, and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 30 minutes, or until the tapioca is softened. The tapioca will become translucent and will no longer have a white center when it is fully cooked. Meanwhile, put the pineapple either fresh or canned with juice) and the apple juice concentrate in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Using a small paring knife, split the vanilla bean in half lengthwise, and scrape the seeds into the juice. Decrease the heat to medium-low and simmer the juice and fruit for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the juice becomes thick and syrupy. It will thicken up and boil a little slower as it reduces. Watch out that it does not over-boil or burn; you may need to decrease the heat as it thickens. Remove from the heat and strain the pineapple from the juice. Put the pineapple in a bowl and refrigerate until chilled. Remove the tapioca from the heat and stir in the reduced juice and the salt. Transfer the tapioca mixture to a bowl, cover lightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until it cools completely, at least 3 hours or up to overnight. Right before serving, fold about half of the diced mango and the lime juice into the tapioca. Divide the pudding evenly into clear glasses. Fold the remaining mango into the reserved chopped pineapple. Spoon the fruit on top of the pudding to cover in an even layer. Garnish with a little grated lime zest. Serve immediately. Coconut Tapioca With Pineapple, Mango, And Lime has 493.0 calories. Coconut Tapioca With Pineapple, Mango, And Lime has 7.0 grams of protein. Coconut Tapioca With Pineapple, Mango, And Lime has 25.0 grams of fat. Coconut Tapioca With Pineapple, Mango, And Lime has 189.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut Tapioca With Pineapple, Mango, And Lime are 480 g/2 cups whole milk, One 380-g/13.5-oz can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tsp vanilla extract, 80 g/1/2 cup small pearl tapioca, 1/4 pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into small dice, or one 225-g/8-oz can pineapple chunks, in their own juices, chopped into smaller pieces, One 335-g/12-oz can frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, 1 vanilla bean, 1/4 tsp kosher salt, 1 large or 2 small mangoes, peeled, pitted, and diced, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lime.Creamy coconut tapioca pudding with glazed pineapple is one of the desserts I obsessed over when I lived in New York City and worked for François Payard. All of the cooks at Payard Patisserie spent our free time talking about the places we dreamed of going and the dishes we couldn't wait to try. One of the cooks told me about how Claudia Fleming, at the time the pastry chef at Gramercy Tavern, had created a dreamy tapioca that could not be missed. He was right—on one of my last nights in NYC, I was finally able to try it, and thereafter every time I went to visit NYC, I made a point of going back to order it again. Sadly, it's no longer on the menu, but I've channeled it here in this version. It's light and refreshing and uses the natural sugars of mango, pineapple, and apple juice to complement the richness of the coconut milk.  Milk Cream Dessert Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Low No Sugar Coconut Mango Spring Summer Healthy Apple Juice Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.