Coconut and Pistachio Baklava recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a 13-by-9-by-2-inch baking pan. Unfold the sheets of phyllo dough, lay the stack on a work surface, and cover with wax paper and then a damp kitchen towel to keep it from drying out. Remove 2 pieces of phyllo, place them in the pan, and brush them with 1 tablespoon of the butter. Continue in the same way with the phyllo and butter until you have used 24 sheets of phyllo. To make the filling: Stir together the coconut, pistachios, sugar, water, orange flower water, and salt in a medium bowl. Sprinkle half of the filling evenly over the phyllo in the pan. Place 2 sheets of phyllo in the pan and brush them with 1 tablespoon butter. Continue in the same way until you have used 12 sheets of phyllo. Spread the remaining filling on top. Layer and butter the remaining phyllo in the same way. Brush the top layer of pastry generously with butter, and pour any remaining butter over the top. With a sharp knife, cut the baklava lengthwise into 4 strips and then crosswise into 6 strips, taking care not to press down on the phyllo. Bake for 30 minutes. Lower the oven temperature to 300°F and bake for 1 hour and 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. To make the syrup: Bring the sugar, water, and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, or until slightly thickened. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the orange flower water and lime juice. Transfer the baklava to a wire rack and let cool for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with the chopped pistachios and pour the syrup evenly over the top. Let cool completely on the rack. The baklava can be stored at room temperature, tightly covered, for up to 2 days.) Cut into pieces with a sharp knife and serve. Coconut and Pistachio Baklava has 301.0 calories. Coconut and Pistachio Baklava has 3.0 grams of protein. Coconut and Pistachio Baklava has 19.0 grams of fat. Coconut and Pistachio Baklava has 124.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut and Pistachio Baklava are One 1-pound box phyllo dough, thawed if frozen, 1 1/4 cups (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, 2 1/2 cups shredded unsweetened dried coconut, 3/4 cup coarsely chopped unsalted pistachios, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 cup water, 1 tablespoon orange flower water, Pinch of salt, 1 3/4 cups sugar, 1 1/2 cups water, Large pinch of salt, 3 tablespoons orange flower water, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped unsalted pistachios.I use a French orange flower water, Vallauris brand, that I brought back from Nice. If your orange flower water is from the Middle East (most often Lebanon) you will need to use more to taste; the Middle Eastern-style is not as strongly flavored as the French version. I also use Athens brand phyllo (it says "fillo" on the box), which comes in a 1-pound container with two separate packages inside. Make sure to use unsalted pistachios. This baklava is actually not at all difficult to make, but take care not to press down on the layers of pastry as you layer and then cut them.  Fruit Nut Dessert Bake Vegetarian Mother's Day Tropical Fruit Coconut Tree Nut Pistachio Engagement Party Party Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.