Coconut-Crusted Mahimahi with Pan-Roasted Garlic, Rosemary, and Tomato Sauce recipe. Mix 2 tablespoons oil, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a bowl and marinate fish in it while making sauce. Heat oil 1/4 cup) in a small skillet over low heat until just warm, then add garlic and rosemary and heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Toss with remaining sauce ingredients, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Mix 2 tablespoons oil, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a bowl and marinate fish in it while making sauce. Heat oil 1/4 cup) in a small skillet over low heat until just warm, then add garlic and rosemary and heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Toss with remaining sauce ingredients, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Coat and cook fish: Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Put flour, egg, and coconut in separate shallow bowls. Dredge curved side of each fillet in flour, shaking off excess, then dip floured side in egg and then in coconut. Discard marinade.) Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in an ovenproof heavy medium skillet over medium heat until it shimmers. Cook fish, coated side down, until coconut is pale golden, 30 to 60 seconds. Carefully turn fish over and transfer skillet to oven. Roast until fish is just cooked through, 6 to 7 minutes. Serve fish with sauce.◊ Coconut-Crusted Mahimahi with Pan-Roasted Garlic, Rosemary, and Tomato Sauce has 814.0 calories. Coconut-Crusted Mahimahi with Pan-Roasted Garlic, Rosemary, and Tomato Sauce has 35.0 grams of protein. Coconut-Crusted Mahimahi with Pan-Roasted Garlic, Rosemary, and Tomato Sauce has 67.0 grams of fat. Coconut-Crusted Mahimahi with Pan-Roasted Garlic, Rosemary, and Tomato Sauce has 184.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coconut-Crusted Mahimahi with Pan-Roasted Garlic, Rosemary, and Tomato Sauce are 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 2 (5-to 6-ounces) pieces of skinless boneless mahimahi fillet, 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Rounded 1/3 cup grated dried unsweetened coconut, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 1/4 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary, 1 medium tomato, seeded and cut into 1/4-inch dice, 1/2 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 1/2 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon rice-wine vinegar (not seasoned).In this simple, fresh-tasting dish, a crisp coconut coating keeps the fish moist and gives it real island flair. Chef Roxanne Russell grates and dries her own fresh coconut to get long, beautiful strands, but any grated dried coconut will do.  Fish Garlic Tomato Dinner Coconut Rosemary Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.