Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish recipe. Finely grate zest from lemons; set aside. Using a sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from lemons; discard. Working over a medium bowl, cut between membranes to release segments into bowl and squeeze membranes to release juices; discard membranes and any seeds. Set lemon segments aside. Combine onion and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Let sit 10 minutes. Squeeze onion to remove any excess liquid; add to bowl with lemon segments. Add olives, capers, reserved lemon zest, and 3/4 cup oil; season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Cover relish and chill at least 4 hours. Preheat oven to 250°F. Bring relish to room temperature. Place cod in a large shallow baking dish or roasting pan and drizzle with remaining 1/2 cup oil. Add chiles and turn fish to coat; season with salt. Roast until just cooked through, 30–40 minutes. Transfer fish to a platter. Mix parsley into relish and spoon over fish. DO AHEAD: Relish without parsley) can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish has 458.0 calories. Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish has 31.0 grams of protein. Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish has 36.0 grams of fat. Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish has 267.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cod with Lemon, Green Olive, and Onion Relish are 2 lemons, 1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced into rings, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, 1/2 cup Castelvetrano or other brined green olives (about 24), coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped, 1 1/4 cups olive oil, divided, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 8 6-ounce pieces skinless cod fillets, 2 dried red chiles, stemmed, or 1/4 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves.This slow-roasted cod topped with zesty relish is just the thing for an end-of-winter dinner party.  Fish Olive Onion Roast Quick & Easy Dinner Lemon Cod Healthy Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.