Cod with Potatoes and Preserved Lemon Relish recipe. Bring onion, garlic, lemongrass, thyme, peppercorns, and milk to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce heat to low and simmer 20 minutes. Strain infused milk into a medium saucepan. Discard solids. Meanwhile, cook potatoes in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, 25–30 minutes. Drain, then peel potatoes and coarsely mash in a large bowl with 1/4 cup oil; season with salt. Bring infused milk just to a boil. Add cod, reduce heat, and simmer until flesh begins to flake and is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove cod with a slotted spoon and transfer to a plate. Combine preserved lemon, chives, lemon juice, paprika, and remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a small bowl; season relish with salt. Mix 1/4 cup infused milk into potatoes. Place cod over potatoes; spoon relish over. DO AHEAD: Relish can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Cod with Potatoes and Preserved Lemon Relish has 399.0 calories. Cod with Potatoes and Preserved Lemon Relish has 29.0 grams of protein. Cod with Potatoes and Preserved Lemon Relish has 18.0 grams of fat. Cod with Potatoes and Preserved Lemon Relish has 142.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cod with Potatoes and Preserved Lemon Relish are 1/2 medium onion, unpeeled, halved, 1/2 head garlic (halved crosswise), 1 lemongrass stalk, trimmed, tough outer layers removed, finely chopped, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 4 cups low-fat milk, 1 1/4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes (about 4 large), scrubbed, Flaky grey sea salt or kosher salt, 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 pounds skinless cod fillet, cut into 2" pieces, 1/2 preserved lemon, finely chopped, 1/2 cup finely chopped chives (from about 1 large bunch), 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon hot smoked Spanish paprika.For this rustic interpretation of brandade, Aizpitarte uses desalinated salt cod, which is not easy to find. We got great results (and the right texture) by simply using fresh cod, but when it comes to the addictive relish spooned over the top, we wouldn't dare change a thing.  Fish Potato Low Fat Low Cal Dinner Seafood Cod Healthy Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.