Cod with Mussels, Chorizo, Fried Croutons, and Saffron Mayonnaise recipe. Mix lime juice and saffron in small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Whisk in mayonnaise, oil, and hot pepper sauce. Cover and chill at least 4 hours to allow flavors to develop. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep refrigerated. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add shallots, garlic, crushed red pepper, and saffron and sauté 4 minutes. Add wine; bring to boil. Add mussels and thyme; cover and cook until mussels open, about 5 minutes discard any mussels that do not open). Strain mussel broth into large saucepan; add chorizo, tomato, roasted pepper, and parsley to liquid. Remove mussels from shells. DO AHEAD: Mussels and cooking broth can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate. Pour enough oil into heavy large saucepan to reach depth of 3 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pan. Heat oil to 350°F. Whisk eggs, milk, and cayenne in large bowl. Add bread; stir to coat. Let soak 2 minutes. Drain off excess liquid. Working in batches, add bread to hot oil and cook until brown, turning as necessary, about 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels and drain. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bring clam juice and wine to simmer in small saucepan. Pour into 7x5-inch baking dish. Add cod pieces to dish; sprinkle with salt and drizzle with oil. Bake until fish is opaque in center, basting with poaching liquid twice, about 8 minutes. Bring mussel broth to simmer. Add mussels and heat through. Divide mussels and broth among 4 shallow soup bowls. Top each with piece of cod, 3 croutons, and dollop of saffron mayonnaise.v A pork-link sausage flavored with garlic and spices but milder than Mexican chorizo; available at specialty foods stores and Spanish markets and from tienda.com. The ingredients of Cod with Mussels, Chorizo, Fried Croutons, and Saffron Mayonnaise are 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, Pinch of saffron threads, crumbled, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/4 cup chopped shallots (about 2 small), 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, Pinch of saffron threads, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed, debearded, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 1/2 cup smoked Spanish chorizo,* diced, 1/4 cup finely diced seeded tomato, 1/4 cup finely diced roasted red pepper from jar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/4 cup chopped shallots (about 2 small), Canola oil (for deep-frying), 3 large eggs, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 1-inch torn pieces crustless sourdough bread (about 5 ounces), 1 8-ounce bottle clam juice, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 12-ounce cod fillet, cut into 4 equal pieces.The cod is topped with housemade mayonnaise at Hugo's. We offer a simplified version.  Bake Sauté Dinner Mayonnaise Sausage Cod Mussel Saffron Deep-Fry Simmer Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.