Coffee and Doughnuts recipe. Make the doughnuts: The day before you want to serve the doughnuts mix 1 1/2 tablespoons yeast with warm water. When mixture foams, put 4 cups flour and the yeast mixture into the bowl of a large mixer. Using a dough hook, mix and knead until thoroughly incorporated. Cover and refrigerate overnight. The next day, mix remaining yeast with warm milk. Place remaining 4 cups flour, salt and sugar in large mixing bowl. When yeast foams, add yeast mixture, yolks and melted butter to dry ingredients, mixing until incorporated. Let mixture rest for 1 hour. Combine the two doughs in a mixer, using a dough hook, until completely incorporated. This may take 5-10 minutes on a low speed. Roll dough to desired thickness and cut into desired shape for doughnuts. Cover dough pieces with a damp towel and let rest at least 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Uncover and let rise in a warm place. Fry in 325°F oil until golden. Drain on paper towels and roll in a mixture of cinnamon and sugar. Serve immediately. Makes about 3 dozen 2-inch doughnuts. Semifreddo: Beat egg yolks, vanilla bean and 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar until mixture is of a consistency where it forms a ribbon. Add espresso extract and incorporate well. Transfer mixture to a larger bowl and place over ice. Meanwhile, whip cream with half the remaining sugar, fold into yolk mixture. Beat egg whites with remaining sugar until stiff peaks form; fold into yolk/cream mixture and incorporate well. Pipe mixture into cups and freeze for 50 minutes if you freeze it longer, remove from freezer half an hour before serving.) Top with steamed milk or whipped cream and serve with doughnuts. The ingredients of Coffee and Doughnuts are 3 tablespoons dry yeast, divided, 1 1/4 cup warm water, 8 cups all-purpose flour, divided, 1/2 cup warm milk, 1 tablespoon salt, 1/2 cup sugar, 8 ounces egg yolks (12 yolks from large eggs), 1/2 cup melted butter, Oil for frying, Cinnamon-sugar mixture, 10 egg yolks, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped out, 1 1/4 cup sugar, divided, 1 1/2 tablespoons espresso extract, 1 cup cream, 4 ounces egg whites (about 4 whites from large eggs), Steamed milk or whipped cream. Coffee Dairy Dessert Fry Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.