Coffee Caramel Swirl Ice Cream recipe. In a 3-quart heavy saucepan boil sugar, corn syrup, water, and a pinch salt over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Boil mixture, without stirring, gently swirling pan, until a deep golden caramel. Remove pan from heat and carefully pour cream and vanilla down side of pan mixture will vigorously steam and caramel will harden). Simmer mixture, stirring, until caramel is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and cool caramel. Caramel swirl may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered. Bring caramel swirl to room temperature before using. If caramel swirl is too stiff to pour, heat slightly.) In a dry 5-quart heavy kettle cook sugar over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a fork to help sugar melt evenly), until melted and pale golden. Cook caramel, without stirring, gently swirling kettle, until deep golden. Remove kettle from heat and carefully pour cream and milk down side of kettle mixture will vigorously steam and caramel will harden). Simmer mixture, stirring, until caramel is dissolved. In a large bowl lightly beat eggs. Add hot cream mixture in a slow stream, whisking, and pour into kettle. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until a thermometer registers 170°F. Do not let boil.) Whisk in espresso powder and vanilla until espresso powder is dissolved. Pour custard through a fine sieve into another large bowl and cool. Chill custard, its surface covered with wax paper, until cold, at least 3 hours, and up to 2 days. Freeze custard in an ice-cream maker, in 2 batches if necessary. Transfer one third ice cream to a 2-quart airtight container and drizzle one third caramel swirl over it. Repeat layering with remaining ice cream and caramel swirl. Freeze ice cream until hard, at least 8 hours, and up to 1 week. Coffee Caramel Swirl Ice Cream has 259.0 calories. Coffee Caramel Swirl Ice Cream has 3.0 grams of protein. Coffee Caramel Swirl Ice Cream has 13.0 grams of fat. Coffee Caramel Swirl Ice Cream has 46.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coffee Caramel Swirl Ice Cream are 1/2 cup sugar, 1/3 cup light corn syrup, 1/4 cup water, 7 tablespoons heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1 1/4 cups sugar, 2 3/4 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 4 large eggs, 3 tablespoons instant espresso powder*, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, *available at many supermarkets. Coffee Milk Cream Ice Cream Machine Dairy Dessert Frozen Dessert Summer Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.