Coffee-Rubbed Cheeseburgers with Texas Barbecue Sauce recipe. Mix all ingredients in small bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Cook bacon in large skillet until crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Break in half. Gently mix chuck and sirloin in large bowl. Form meat into 8 patties, each 3 1/2 to 4 inches in diameter and 1/3 to 1/2 inch thick. Using thumb, make slight indentation in center of each burger. DO AHEAD: Burgers and bacon can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Cover separately and chill. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Sprinkle 1 teaspoon coffee rub on top side of each burger. Place burgers, rub side down, on grill rack. Grill until slightly charred, about 4 minutes; turn. Place 2 bacon slice halves atop each burger. Cook 3 minutes. Top each with 1 cheese slice. Cover and cook until cheese melts, about 1 minute longer. Place burgers atop bottom halves of buns. Top with onion slices and tomato slices. Spoon dollop of Texas Barbecue Sauce over. Cover with bun tops and serve, passing additional sauce alongside. Beer is a natural pairing for a burger. Keep the southern theme going by pouring a Texas brew. We like the caramel sweetness and mild hoppy flavor of Shiner Bock $8 per six-pack). Coffee-Rubbed Cheeseburgers with Texas Barbecue Sauce has 543.0 calories. Coffee-Rubbed Cheeseburgers with Texas Barbecue Sauce has 39.0 grams of protein. Coffee-Rubbed Cheeseburgers with Texas Barbecue Sauce has 32.0 grams of fat. Coffee-Rubbed Cheeseburgers with Texas Barbecue Sauce has 871.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coffee-Rubbed Cheeseburgers with Texas Barbecue Sauce are 1 tablespoon freshly ground coffee, 2 teaspoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt, 8 slices applewood-smoked bacon, 1 pound ground chuck (preferably grass-fed), 1 pound ground sirloin (preferably grass-fed), 8 slices smoked provolone, smoked caciocavallo, or smoked Gouda cheese (about 8 ounces), 8 potato-bread hamburger buns, 8 slices red onion, 8 slices tomato, Texas Barbecue Sauce.Freshly ground coffee adds a depth to the spice rub and brings out the flavor of the meat. Be sure to keep the rub recipe handy. The spice rub would also be great on steaks and chicken.  Coffee Fourth of July Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Gouda Ground Beef Bacon Grill Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.