Coffee S'mores Pie recipe.  Mix graham cracker crumbs and remaining ingredients in a small bowl to blend. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of pie dish; chill until crust is firm, about 30 minutes. Place chocolate and butter in a large bowl. Bring cream, coffee, and 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat; cover and let steep for 5 minutes. Strain cream mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into bowl with chocolate and butter; discard coffee grounds. Stir until melted and ganache is smooth. Pour into chilled crust; smooth top. Chill until set, about 1 hour. Meringue Using an electric mixer with clean, dry beaters on medium speed, beat egg whites in a medium bowl until light and frothy. Add sugar in 4 additions, beating for 1 minute after each addition. Continue beating egg whites until stiff and glossy. Spoon meringue over coffee ganache; swirl decoratively with a spatula or the back of a spoon. Using a kitchen torch, if desired, toast meringue until golden brown in spots. DO AHEAD: Pie can be made 8 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Coffee S'mores Pie has 449.0 calories. Coffee S'mores Pie has 4.0 grams of protein. Coffee S'mores Pie has 29.0 grams of fat. Coffee S'mores Pie has 66.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coffee S'mores Pie are 9 whole graham crackers, ground finely in a food processor, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons Nutella, 1 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, melted, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 12 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), finely chopped, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" cubes, 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons finely ground coffee beans, 2 large egg whites, 1/2 cup sugar, Special equipment: One 9" metal or glass pie dish; a kitchen torch (optional).This sophisticated mashup of the campfire classic uses Nutella to bind the graham cracker crust and coffee to deepen the chocolate flavor in the rich ganache filling.  Coffee Chocolate Egg Dessert Kid-Friendly Summer Chill Party Butter Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.