Combo Reuben recipe. Make the Russian Dressing and refrigerate until needed. Butter one side of both slices of bread. Melt the rest of the butter on a griddle or in a large skillet over medium heat. Place both slices of bread, buttered side down, on the hot griddle. Top each with 2 slices of cheese. Microwave the corned beef and pastrami, in separate stacks, on high, for about 1 minute, just until the meat begins to steam do not overheat). WHen the bread has toasted and the cheese has melted, top one slice of bread with the stack of hot pastrami, then cover with the stack of hot corned beef. Top the other slice of bread with the sauerkraut. Flip the side with the sauerkraut on top of the one with the meat and grill for about 2 minutes, until the Reuben is hot throughout. Transfer to a cutting board. Cut the sandwich The Junior's Way: First, slice the sandwich vertically into two pieces—one piece twice the width of the other. Slice the larger piece on the diagonal into two equal triangles. You now have three small overstuffed Reubens for each plate. Serve immediately, with the Russian Dressing on the side. Combo Reuben has 231.0 calories. Combo Reuben has 12.0 grams of protein. Combo Reuben has 16.0 grams of fat. Combo Reuben has 493.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Combo Reuben are 1 recipe Junior's Russian Dressing, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, 2 slices rye bread, Four 1-ounce slices Swiss cheese, 3 ounces very thinly sliced lean corned beef (about 10 slices), 3 ounces very thinly sliced lean pastrami (about 10 slices), 1/2 cup drained fresh sauerkraut.The Reuben sandwich and the Rosen family date back to when Alan's Grandpa Harry and his brother Mike ran the Enduro Sandwich Shoppes in the late 1920s in Manhattan. That began a long Rosen history of serving some of the best Reubens in New York—but not always with corned beef! Today you can walk into Junior's and still order the Original Reuben, made only with corned beef. But now you also have the option of a Turkey Reuben with melted Swiss and coleslaw, a Pastrami Reuben, and this one, the Combo Reuben, which is overstuffed with corned beef and pastrami. Feel free to make them any way you like. At Junior's each Reuben comes with grilled sauerkraut and melted Swiss and is always on rye bread, hot off the grill, with potato salad on the side.  Sandwich Microwave Beef Dinner Lunch Swiss Cheese Advance Prep Required.