Conch Salad, Man! recipe. Combine all of the ingredients except the tomato and avocado in a large bowl. Stir and refrigerate for at least 2 hours to allow the flavors to develop. To serve, fold in the tomato and avocado. Transfer to 4 chilled glasses or serving bowls. Conch Salad, Man! has 242.0 calories. Conch Salad, Man! has 31.0 grams of protein. Conch Salad, Man! has 8.0 grams of fat. Conch Salad, Man! has 1609.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Conch Salad, Man! are 1 pound cleaned fresh conch, diced, 1/4 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 jalapeño pepper, stemmed, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1/2 European (hothouse) cucumber, peeled and minced, 1/2 yellow bell pepper, minced, 1/2 red bell pepper, minced, 1/4 red onion, minced, 1/2 cup diced fresh tomato, 1/4 ripe Florida avocado, diced, or 1/2 ripe Haas avocado (optional)."Hey. Hey. I'm Frank, the Conch Salad Man. I'll sell you the world's best conch salad!" He was holding a huge white pickle bucket brimming with his conch salad. With no more explanation than that, he reached in and gave me a paper cup full. I tipped back a mixture of finely diced conch, tomatoes, red onions, Scotch bonnets, bell peppers, celery, citrus juices and herbs. The flavors of the sea were in there, too. Living in Key West was my culinary university; I never needed more formal training. The place was filled with honest, in-your-face flavors that came from the Cuban, Bahamian and African-American residents and wanderers who passed through. I didn't move to Key West to re-invent the cuisine—I came to find a home. In the process, I found a path to both. In this recipe, you will taste the foundation of each.  Salad Shellfish Vegetable Appetizer Dinner Seafood Bell Pepper Jalapeño Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.