Confit of Winter Fruits recipe. Combine all ingredients except grapefruit in heavy large nonreactive pot. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel from grapefruit in strips. Cut peel into matchstick-size strips. Using small sharp knife, cut all white pith from grapefruit. Working over bowl to catch juices, cut between membranes to release segments of grapefruit and squeeze juices into bowl; discard seeds. Add peel strips, grapefruit segments, and collected grapefruit juice to pot. Bring confit to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low, partially cover pot, and simmer confit until fruit is tender, stirring occasionally, about 40 minutes. Cool completely. Spoon confit into small 1- to 2-cup) jars. Cover tightly and chill overnight. Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled.) Confit of Winter Fruits has 315.0 calories. Confit of Winter Fruits has 3.0 grams of protein. Confit of Winter Fruits has 1.0 grams of fat. Confit of Winter Fruits has 499.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Confit of Winter Fruits are 3/4 pound Bosc or Anjou pears, unpeeled, quartered, cored, cut into 3/4-inch cubes, 2 large bananas (11 ounces total), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds, 1 8-ounce Granny Smith apple, unpeeled, quartered, cored, cut into 3/4-inch cubes, 1 8-ounce quince, unpeeled, quartered, seeded, cut into 3/4-inch cubes, 1 cup coarsely chopped onion, 1 cup water, 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar, 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/3 cup raisins, 3 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1/4 teaspoon ground mace or nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 large (12-ounce) pink grapefruit.The acidity of the vinegar and grapefruit is balanced by the quince, apple, and pear flavors in this French-style chutney. Bananas add creaminess. Use ripe fruit for best results.  Condiment Spread Fruit Christmas Apple Pear Quince Banana Winter Bon Appétit.