Confit Duck Legs recipe.  Mince and mash 4 garlic cloves to a paste with a pinch of kosher salt. Stir together paste, kosher salt 1/4 cup), thyme, quatre épices, shallots, and bay leaves in a large bowl. Add duck legs and toss to coat, then marinate, covered and chilled, at least 1 day and up to 2 days. Wipe off marinade with paper towels. Trim off 1/4 inch from top of garlic head, then stick 2 whole cloves into head. Melt duck fat in a wide large heavy pot over low heat, then cook garlic head and duck legs, uncovered, over low heat until fat registers approximately 190°F, about 1 hour. Continue to cook duck, maintaining a temperature of 190 to 210°F, until a wooden pick slides easily into thighs, 2 to 3 hours more. Transfer duck with a slotted spoon to a large bowl reserve garlic for another use if desired). Slowly pour duck fat through a fine-mesh sieve into a large crock or deep bowl, leaving any cloudy liquid or meat juices in bottom of pot, then pour strained fat over duck legs to cover by 1 inch. If necessary, shorten drumstick bones 1 to 2 inches using a large heavy knife to fit legs more tightly in bowl.) Cool to room temperature, about 2 hours, then chill, covered, at least 8 hours. Just before serving, remove duck from fat reserve fat for another use, such as frying), scraping off most of fat, then cook, skin side down, in a large heavy nonstick skillet over low heat, covered, until skin is crisp and duck is heated through, 15 to 20 minutes The ingredients of Confit Duck Legs are 1 large head garlic, left unpeeled, plus 4 large cloves, divided, 1/4 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon Quatre épices (French four-spice blend), 2 large shallots, finely chopped (1/4 cup), 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California, crumbled, 6 fresh Moulard, Muscovy, or Long Island (Pekin) duck legs (5 pounds total), 2 whole cloves, 5 (7-ounce) containers rendered duck fat, Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer.As convenient as store-bought duck confit is, we find that its quality tends to vary. Making your own allows you to control the spicing and the cooking time to produce a velvety piece of meat. This ancient preservation method has three parts: First you cure the duck legs in salt (drawing out the water in which microorganisms can live), then you slowly cook them in fat, and finally you store them fully covered in the cooking fat so air can't get in.  Duck Garlic Marinate Bastille Day Spice Clove Shallot Gourmet.