Coriander Pork Tenderloin with Carrot-Ginger Sauce recipe. Combine carrots, 3 cups water and 3/4 teaspoon salt in medium saucepan. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook until carrots are very tender, about 30 minutes. Drain; reserve cooking liquid. Transfer carrots to processor. Puree until smooth. Add cream and ginger and process to blend. Transfer puree to heavy small saucepan. Add enough reserved cooking liquid to puree to form consistency of thick sauce. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before serving.) Coarsely grind coriander seeds in spice grinder or blender. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Press coriander onto pork, coating completely. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large nonstick skillets over medium-high heat. Add 1 pork tenderloin to 1 skillet and 2 pork tenderloins to second skillet. Brown pork on all sides and cook until thermometer inserted into center registers 155°F, about 25 minutes. Transfer pork to cutting board. Let rest 5 minutes. Cut pork into 1-inch-thick slices. Spoon sauce onto plates. Top with pork and serve. Coriander Pork Tenderloin with Carrot-Ginger Sauce has 996.0 calories. Coriander Pork Tenderloin with Carrot-Ginger Sauce has 143.0 grams of protein. Coriander Pork Tenderloin with Carrot-Ginger Sauce has 40.0 grams of fat. Coriander Pork Tenderloin with Carrot-Ginger Sauce has 416.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Coriander Pork Tenderloin with Carrot-Ginger Sauce are 1 pound carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1/3 cup whipping cream, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 1/4 cup whole coriander seeds, 3 pork tenderloins (about 3 pounds total), trimmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil.Oysters on the half shell with a cold sauce of vinegar, peppercorns and finely chopped lemongrass would be an elegant appetizer. Accompany the pork with the rice timbales , steamed snow peas and baby corn, and a dry Gewürztraminer. End with a salad of melon and pineapple with toasted coconut.  Ginger Pork Vegetable Dinner Meat Spice Root Vegetable Carrot Fall Winter Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.