Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Cook fregola in a large pot of boiling salted water according to package directions. Drain do not rinse) and spread out on a baking sheet to let cool. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Rub corn with 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and tender, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a platter and let cool. Meanwhile, brush cheese with 1 tablespoon oil and grill, turning once, until lightly charred in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to platter with corn; let cool. Cut kernels from cobs and place in a large bowl. Add scallions, parsley, basil, mint, walnuts, and fregola. Using your hands, tear Halloumi into bite-size pieces; add to bowl and toss to combine. Add lemon juice, vinegar, and remaining 1/4 cup oil. Toss to coat; season with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese has 338.0 calories. Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese has 10.0 grams of protein. Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese has 19.0 grams of fat. Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese has 274.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Corn and Fregola with Grilled Halloumi Cheese are 1 cup walnuts, 1 cup fregola or Israeli couscous, Kosher salt, 4 ears of corn, husked, 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil, divided, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces Halloumi cheese, sliced lengthwise 3/4" thick, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley, 1/4 cup basil leaves, 1/4 cup mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons (or more) white wine vinegar.If this were our party, we'd get all the grilling out of the way early in the day and toss this Mediterranean fantasy of a salad together in our caftans.  Cheese Side Kid-Friendly Dinner Lunch Mint Basil Walnut Corn Grill Barbecue Parsley Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.