Cornmeal Cream Cheese Pancakes with Dried Cranberries and Apricots in Maple Syrup recipe. Simmer maple syrup and dried fruits in a saucepan, uncovered, until fruits are plumped, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in juice. Preheat oven to 250°F. Whisk together flour, cornmeal, baking powder and soda, sugar, and salt. Whisk together cream cheese and eggs in a large bowl and gradually whisk in milk until smooth. Add flour mixture and whisk until just combined. Heat a large griddle over moderate heat until hot enough to make drops of water scatter over its surface, then brush with some butter. Spoon tablespoons of batter onto griddle, without crowding, to form 2 1/2-inch cakes. Cook pancakes 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until golden and puffed. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in oven. Make more pancakes in same manner, brushing griddle with butter for each batch. Serve pancakes in stacks with syrup. Cornmeal Cream Cheese Pancakes with Dried Cranberries and Apricots in Maple Syrup has 678.0 calories. Cornmeal Cream Cheese Pancakes with Dried Cranberries and Apricots in Maple Syrup has 11.0 grams of protein. Cornmeal Cream Cheese Pancakes with Dried Cranberries and Apricots in Maple Syrup has 24.0 grams of fat. Cornmeal Cream Cheese Pancakes with Dried Cranberries and Apricots in Maple Syrup has 648.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cornmeal Cream Cheese Pancakes with Dried Cranberries and Apricots in Maple Syrup are 1 cup pure maple syrup, 1/4 cup dried cranberries, 1/4 cup chopped dried apricots, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 2/3 cup regular cream cheese spread (in tub; not whipped or block cream cheese), 2 large eggs, 3/4 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted.We got the idea for these pancakes from The Compound Restaurant in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where hot polenta-mascarpone pancakes were the perfect finale to a delicious dinner. They also make a terrific breakfast.  Dairy Fruit Breakfast Brunch Dessert Kid-Friendly Mother's Day Father's Day New Year's Day Cream Cheese Cranberry Apricot Fall Maple Syrup Hominy Cornmeal Masa Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.