Corn Cakes Topped with Goat Cheese and Bacon recipe. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels and drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add 1 tablespoon oil to drippings in skillet. Add corn and onion; sauté over medium heat until onion is golden, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Combine buttermilk, egg and 1/4 cup goat cheese in large bowl; whisk to blend. Add cornmeal, baking powder, salt, baking soda and cayenne and mix well. Stir in corn mixture. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, drop batter by generous tablespoonfuls into skillet. Cook until bottom of each corn cake is brown, about 1 minute. Turn corn cakes and cook until second side is brown, about 1 minute. Transfer to baking sheet. Repeat with remaining batter, adding more oil to skillet as needed. Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let corn cakes and bacon stand at room temperature. Before serving, rewarm cakes on baking sheet in 400°F oven until heated through, about 5 minutes.) Arrange corn cakes on platter. Top each with generous 1/2 teaspoon goat cheese. Sprinkle with bacon and green onions and serve. Corn Cakes Topped with Goat Cheese and Bacon has 88.0 calories. Corn Cakes Topped with Goat Cheese and Bacon has 3.0 grams of protein. Corn Cakes Topped with Goat Cheese and Bacon has 5.0 grams of fat. Corn Cakes Topped with Goat Cheese and Bacon has 191.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Corn Cakes Topped with Goat Cheese and Bacon are 5 thick bacon slices, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 4 tablespoons (about) vegetable oil, 1 10-ounce package frozen corn kernels, thawed, 1 cup chopped onion, 3/4 cup buttermilk, 1 large egg, 5 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Chopped green onions.The heartland is known for its grains and its pork; this first course features two of the region's best products—corn and bacon.  Appetizer Side Fry Goat Cheese Bacon Corn Summer Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.