Corn Bread with Tomato Chutney recipe.  Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the corn and simmer for 20 minutes. Strain. When the ears are cool enough to handle, cut the kernels from the cobs. Place 1 cup of the corn kernels in a bowl and set aside. Place the remaining kernels in a blender and puree. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 375°F. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, polenta, baking powder, salt, pepper, chili powder, ginger, cardamom, and black onion seeds. Stir in the brown sugar, chiles, corn kernels, corn puree, and 2 cups water. Mix to combine. Butter two 8 1/2 × 4 1/2-inch loaf pans and divide the batter evenly between them. Let rest for 20 minutes. Place the pans in a shallow baking dish filled halfway with water and place in the oven. Bake for 1 hour. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for another 30 minutes. Turn the loaves out onto a cooling rack and let cool. Serve with the tomato chutney. The ingredients of Corn Bread with Tomato Chutney are 4 ears fresh corn, shucked, 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, 1 cup polenta, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon mild chili powder, 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 tablespoon black onion (nigella) seeds (see Tip), 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 poblano chiles, seeds and ribs removed, chopped, Butter to grease the pans, Tomato Chutney.My friend Marvin Woods taught me everything I know about Low-Country cooking, the regional cuisine commonly referred to as soul food. In many ways, soul food is an apt description because there is a lot of soul and spirit and passion that goes into Low-Country cooking—dishes like she-crab soup, catfish stew, shrimp and grits, red rice, hoppin' John, and baked macaroni and cheese. No Low-Country feast would be complete without corn bread.  Bread Appetizer Brunch Side Bake Fourth of July Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Cornmeal Corn Summer Boil Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.