Corsican Grilled Whole Fish with Breadcrumbs and Anchovies recipe. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer to large bowl and cool. Add egg, 2 tablespoons parsley, anchovy paste, rosemary and thyme. Mix in 3/4 cup breadcrumbs. Season stuffing with pepper Make two 1/2-inch-deep diagonal cuts on each side of fish, spacing cuts about 3 inches apart. Season fish cavity with salt and pepper. Spoon stuffing into cavity do not pack tightly). Skewer opening closed. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add remaining 3/4 cup breadcrumbs; sauté until golden, about 6 minutes. Mix in 1 tablespoon parsley. Season topping with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Brush grill with oil. Brush fish all over with 1 tablespoon oil. Season with salt. Place fish on grill and cook until fish is opaque in thickest part, turning once, about 25 minutes. Using metal spatula, transfer fish to platter. Remove skewers. Sprinkle fish with breadcrumb topping. Corsican Grilled Whole Fish with Breadcrumbs and Anchovies has 496.0 calories. Corsican Grilled Whole Fish with Breadcrumbs and Anchovies has 62.0 grams of protein. Corsican Grilled Whole Fish with Breadcrumbs and Anchovies has 18.0 grams of fat. Corsican Grilled Whole Fish with Breadcrumbs and Anchovies has 368.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Corsican Grilled Whole Fish with Breadcrumbs and Anchovies are 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 small onion, minced, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 1 1/2 cups coarse fresh white breadcrumbs, 1 3 1/2-to 4-pound whole fish (such as sea bass), cleaned.On the island of Corsica, whole fish is simply baked or grilled for maximum flavor. Local cooks often use mountain trout, sea bream, grouper or mullet, but you can use sea trout, lingcod or sea bass with good results.  Fish Herb Spring Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Healthy Bon Appétit.