Country-Style Tomato and Cilantro Broth recipe. Make spice sachet by wrapping together in cheesecloth the cinnamon sticks, coriander seeds, cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves, and cardamom pods. Tie with kitchen string. In heavy, large pot over high heat, stir together 4 cups water, tomatoes, garlic, ginger, cilantro stems, 1 teaspoon salt, and spice sachet. Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until reduced by 1/3, about 30 minutes. Strain through fine-mesh sieve into large clean pot, reserving solids. Discard spice sachet. Measure 1 cup of strained liquid in pot and transfer to blender. Add reserved solids and pureé until smooth. Strain through fine-mesh sieve back into pot with liquid. Place pot over high heat and bring to simmer, about 5 minutes. Stir in ground pepper and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Serve immediately, topping each portion with chopped cilantro leaves. Country-Style Tomato and Cilantro Broth has 3.0 calories. Country-Style Tomato and Cilantro Broth has 30.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Country-Style Tomato and Cilantro Broth are 2 whole cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 1/2 teaspoon whole cloves (about 11 cloves), 1/8 teaspoon whole black peppercorns (about 10 peppercorns), lightly crushed, 2 fresh bay leaves (or 4 dried), 2 green cardamom pods, 6 medium tomatoes, quartered and seeded (about 3 pounds total), 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 (3/4-inch) knob fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped (about 1 tablespoon), 1/2 large bunch fresh cilantro, stems reserved and leaves finely chopped (about 1/4 cup), 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: 1 (3-inch) square cheesecloth; kitchen string.The recipe below is part of a healthy and delicious spa menu developed exclusively for Epicurious by Ananda spa in India. The low-fat, low-calorie, and vegan broth is loaded with disease-fighting herbs and spices, including ginger, which has anti-inflammatory properties and is a digestive aid, cinnamon, which has been shown to help balance blood sugar, and garlic, which has powerful antimicrobial properties. If you are following an Ayurvedic diet, the experts at Ananda recommend this for vata and kapha doshas.  Soup Stew Garlic Ginger Tomato Sauté Low Fat Vegetarian Low Cal Dinner Lunch Spice Healthy Vegan Cilantro Fat Free Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.