Cowboy Flatbread Topped with Arugula Salad and Lemon-Pepper Dressing recipe.  Mix first 7 ingredients in bowl. Rub in butter with fingers until mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in cheeses. Using fork, mix in 2/3 cup water and vinegar until moist dough forms. Cover; chill 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375°F. Gently knead dough on floured surface until smooth, about 10 turns. Divide into 4 pieces. Roll out each piece to 9-inch round. Spray small ovenproof skillet or 8-inch-diameter cake pan with vegetable oil spray. Place 1 dough round into bottom and 1/2 inch up sides of skillet. Bake until light golden, about 20 minutes. Transfer to large baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough rounds. Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover loosely with foil. Rewarm uncovered in 350°F. oven for 5 minutes.) Top with Arugula Salad. Cut into wedges. Cowboy Flatbread Topped with Arugula Salad and Lemon-Pepper Dressing has 544.0 calories. Cowboy Flatbread Topped with Arugula Salad and Lemon-Pepper Dressing has 11.0 grams of protein. Cowboy Flatbread Topped with Arugula Salad and Lemon-Pepper Dressing has 31.0 grams of fat. Cowboy Flatbread Topped with Arugula Salad and Lemon-Pepper Dressing has 689.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cowboy Flatbread Topped with Arugula Salad and Lemon-Pepper Dressing are 1 2/3 cups all purpose flour, 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1/4 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese, 1/4 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeños, 2/3 cup water, 1 1/2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, Arugula Salad with Lemon-Pepper Dressing.Cornmeal in the dough gives the bread an appealing, slightly crunchy texture.  Bread Side Bake Cheddar Rosemary Cornmeal Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.