Crab Cakes with Herb Salad recipe.  Whisk oil, lemon juice, dill, tarragon, cilantro, green onion, and mustard in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Line baking sheet with waxed paper. Whisk first 10 ingredients in large bowl. Mix in crabmeat and 1 cup panko, breaking up crabmeat slightly. Let stand 10 minutes. Place remaining panko on rimmed baking sheet, spreading slightly. Form crab mixture into sixteen 2-inch-diameter patties, using about scant 1/4 cup for each. Press both sides of patties into panko. Transfer patties to waxed-paper-lined baking sheet. Cover and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in each of 2 heavy large skillets over medium-high heat. Add crab cakes to skillets and cook until golden on both sides, adding more butter and oil as needed, about 5 minutes total. Place salad mix in very large bowl. Add 1/2 cup vinaigrette; toss. Arrange crab cakes on platter. Garnish with herb sprigs, drizzle with some of remaining vinaigrette, and serve with salad. Crab Cakes with Herb Salad has 151.0 calories. Crab Cakes with Herb Salad has 7.0 grams of protein. Crab Cakes with Herb Salad has 11.0 grams of fat. Crab Cakes with Herb Salad has 215.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crab Cakes with Herb Salad are 1/2 cup grapeseed oil, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon minced green onion, 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1/4 cup minced green onions, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 teaspoons minced fresh dill, 4 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon, 4 teaspoons minced fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound blue crabmeat or Dungeness crabmeat, 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs),* divided, 2 tablespoons (or more) butter, 2 tablespoons (or more) grapeseed oil, 2 5-ounce containers herb salad mix, Fresh dill sprigs, Fresh tarragon sprigs, Fresh cilantro sprigs, *Available in the Asian foods section of supermarkets and at Asian markets..Serve these with extra lemon wedges.  Citrus Herb Mustard Appetizer Christmas Valentine's Day Seafood Crab Christmas Eve Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian.