Crab with Cantaloupe and Caviar – Sea Salad recipe.  To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the vinegar, shallot, and mustard in a bowl. Slowly pour in the oils, whisking until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Squeeze any excess water out of the crabmeat. Place the crab in a mixing bowl with the mayonnaise, vinaigrette, and chives, and season with salt and pepper. Mix together well and set aside. Purée the cantaloupe in a blender. For each serving, place 2 tablespoons of the cantaloupe purée in the center of the plate. Place a ring mold on top and fill with a layer of sliced avocado and then crab. Place a dollop of caviar on top of the crab to complete. The ingredients of Crab with Cantaloupe and Caviar – Sea Salad are 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallot, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds fresh crabmeat, cooked, shelled, and picked, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 bunch chives, chopped, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 Tuscan cantaloupe, peeled, seeded, and cut into chunks, 2 avocados, peeled, seeded, and sliced, 1 ounce caviar (Sturgeon royal).I thrive on discovering new flavor combinations, and Sea is a great example of a totally thrown together idea that worked out beautifully. That day I was really in the mood for some crab salad, but I wanted to do something untraditional. One of my purveyors had sent me some Tuscan cantaloupe to try, so I first made a melon emulsion. Then I tossed the crabmeat with my Colvin Vinaigrette (which is basically good on anything). I thought that avocado would be great with the melon, so I started with a little melon on the plate, then I layered sliced ripe avocado and the crab mixture with a huge quenelle of caviar I had on hand to top it all off. Honestly, it was like heaven. I had so much crab that I made two mini ones for my two friends downstairs, and they were like, "What the hell is this flavor combination? This is amazing!" Give it a try—it's elegant and just incredibly good.  Salad Shellfish Appetizer Side No-Cook Lunch Seafood Crab Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.