Crab Hush Puppies with Tartar Sauce recipe. Stir together all ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 200°F. Heat 2 inches oil to 375°F in a wide 5-quart heavy pot over medium heat. While oil heats, mince and mash garlic to a paste with a pinch of salt, then whisk together with eggs, buttermilk, and scallions in a bowl. Whisk together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl, then stir in buttermilk mixture until just combined. Stir in crabmeat. Working in batches of 10, carefully drop tablespoons of batter into oil and fry, turning occasionally, until golden-brown, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined baking sheet and keep warm in oven. Return oil to 375°F between batches. Serve hush puppies with tartar sauce. Schloss Saarstein 1st Growth Riesling Kabinett '08 Crab Hush Puppies with Tartar Sauce has 113.0 calories. Crab Hush Puppies with Tartar Sauce has 2.0 grams of protein. Crab Hush Puppies with Tartar Sauce has 9.0 grams of fat. Crab Hush Puppies with Tartar Sauce has 91.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crab Hush Puppies with Tartar Sauce are 1 cup mayonnaise, 1/4 cup finely chopped sweet pickles, 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped drained capers, 2 teaspoons grainy mustard, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, About 6 cups vegetable oil for frying, 1 garlic clove, 2 large eggs, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoon well-shaken buttermilk (not powdered), 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 cup cornmeal (preferably stone-ground), 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup jumbo lump crabmeat (about 7 ounces), picked over, Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer.Folding sweet jumbo lump crabmeat and chopped scallions into the classic batter of cornmeal and buttermilk dresses up these pups for a party. They're crisp, fluffy, and, truth be told, dangerously easy to eat, especially after a dip in a lemony homemade tartar sauce speckled with parsley, sweet pickles, and capers. For information about crabmeat.  Egg Bake Cocktail Party Thanksgiving Kid-Friendly Mayonnaise Cornmeal Crab Deep-Fry Party Buttermilk Gourmet.