Crab Fat-Caramel Wings recipe.  Bring fish sauce to a boil in a medium saucepan and cook until reduced almost by half it will darken and become pungent), about 5 minutes. Stir in sugar and fit saucepan with thermometer. Cook until thermometer registers 230°F mixture will become thick and dark). Whisk in crab paste and 1 tablespoons water until smooth. Reduce heat to low; keep warm until ready to dip wings. Fit a large pot with clean thermometer and pour in oil to measure 2". Heat over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 350°F. Meanwhile, whisk flour, baking powder, and 1 cup cornstarch in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually add vodka and 1 3/4 cups water, adding more water if batter is too thick it should be slightly thinner than cream but thicker than milk). Place remaining 1/2 cup cornstarch in a shallow dish. Season chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in cornstarch, shaking off excess. Working in 3 batches and returning oil to 350°F between batches, coat chicken in batter, letting excess drip back into bowl, and fry until skin is golden and chicken is crisp and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a baking sheet to drain. Using tongs, add hot wings to warm caramel, turn to coat, then transfer wings to a platter. Serve wings topped with peanuts and cilantro. Caramel sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Keep airtight at room temperature. Reheat before using. Crab Fat-Caramel Wings has 1160.0 calories. Crab Fat-Caramel Wings has 49.0 grams of protein. Crab Fat-Caramel Wings has 35.0 grams of fat. Crab Fat-Caramel Wings has 3110.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crab Fat-Caramel Wings are 1/2 cup fish sauce, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 1/4 cup Thai crab or shrimp paste with bean oil, Peanut or vegetable oil (for frying; about 10 cups), 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 1/2 cups cornstarch, divided, 1/2 cup vodka, 2 pounds chicken wings, tips removed, flats and drumettes separated, Kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1/4 cup chopped salted, roasted peanuts, Fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems (for serving), A deep-fry thermometer.Don't worry.you won't need to buy any crabs to make these mind-altering wings. The crab flavor comes from a jarred condiment that's pretty easy to find at Asian markets; if not, use the shrimp version.  Vodka Chicken Dinner Peanut Deep-Fry Cilantro Bon Appétit Dairy Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.