Crab Salad with Endive and Tomato-Cilantro Sauce recipe. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and ginger and sauté until tender, about 4 minutes. Add apple, zucchini, both bell peppers and carrot and sauté until tender but not brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Cool to room temperature. Mix crabmeat, mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped chives and sauté vegetables in large bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine tomatoes, cilantro, vinegar, garlic and cayenne in blender and puree until almost smooth. Gradually add oil and blend until sauce is thick. Transfer to medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Arrange endive spears on large platter, tips toward platter edge. Spoon crab salad into center of platter. Drizzle sauce over endive. Garnish salad with chopped fresh chives and serve. Crab Salad with Endive and Tomato-Cilantro Sauce has 327.0 calories. Crab Salad with Endive and Tomato-Cilantro Sauce has 8.0 grams of protein. Crab Salad with Endive and Tomato-Cilantro Sauce has 30.0 grams of fat. Crab Salad with Endive and Tomato-Cilantro Sauce has 278.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crab Salad with Endive and Tomato-Cilantro Sauce are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 1/2 cup chopped tart green apple(such as Granny Smith), 1/2 cup chopped zucchini, 1/2 cup chopped seeded red bell pepper, 1/2 cup chopped seeded green bell pepper, 1/4 cup chopped carrot, 1/2 pound crabmeat, drained well, picked over, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, chopped, 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, chopped, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 heads Belgian endive, trimmed, separated into spears, Chopped fresh chives.The crab salad is mounded over the ends of endive spears so that they work as edible scoops for the salad. This is served as a starter at Le Chat Grippé in Paris, France.  Salad Fish Ginger Tomato Quick & Easy Crab Bell Pepper Zucchini Summer Bon Appétit.