Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake with Chocolate Crust recipe.  Preheat oven to 325°F. Finely grind cookies and chocolate in processor. Add butter; blend until moist clumps form. Using plastic wrap as aid, press crumb mixture onto bottom and 1 1/4 inches up sides of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Bake until set, about 8 minutes. Cool completely. Increase oven temperature to 350°F. Wrap 2 layers of heavy-duty foil around bottom and up sides of springform pan. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl until light. Beat in flour. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Beat in orange peel and vanilla. Pour filling into crust. Place springform pan in large roasting pan. Fill roasting pan with enough hot water to come halfway up sides of springform pan. Bake until filling is just set in center but still moves slightly, about 55 minutes. Remove cake from water bath; transfer to rack and cool completely, about 4 hours. Cover and chill overnight. Stir sugar and water in medium saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium; add cornstarch mixture and bring to simmer. Add cranberries; cook until beginning to pop, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Stir in orange peel. Cool completely. Cover and chill overnight. Cheesecake and cranberry mixture can be made 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Run knife around top edge of cheesecake to loosen. Release pan sides. Top cheesecake with cranberry mixture. Chill until set, about 1 hour. Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake with Chocolate Crust has 585.0 calories. Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake with Chocolate Crust has 9.0 grams of protein. Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake with Chocolate Crust has 37.0 grams of fat. Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake with Chocolate Crust has 425.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cranberry-Orange Cheesecake with Chocolate Crust are 1 9-ounce box chocolate wafer cookies, broken, 2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons grated orange peel, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water, 2 cups fresh cranberries, 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel.Cape Cod's cranberry bogs — which supply the crowning glory of countless holiday desserts — provided the inspiration for this festive and luscious cheesecake. Chocolate wafer cookies (used in the crust) are sometimes located in the ice cream section, displayed above the freezer case.  Berry Cheese Chocolate Citrus Dessert Bake Christmas Cream Cheese Cranberry Winter Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.