Cranberry, Fig, and Pinot Noir Chutney recipe.  Bring the wine to a simmer in a small saucepan. Remove from the heat, add the figs, and let soak until soft, about 30 minutes. Drain, reserving the wine and figs separately. Combine the sugar, 1 1/2 cups water, the reserved wine, orange zest, and ginger in a large saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the sugar has completely melted, a minute or two. Add half of the cranberries and cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries have popped and are very soft, about 10 minutes. Stir in the remaining cranberries and the soaked figs and cook for 5 minutes longer. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Discard the orange zest and scrape the chutney into a serving bowl. Serve at room temperature or chilled. The chutney can be prepared 24 hours in advance and stored covered in the refrigerator. Cranberry, Fig, and Pinot Noir Chutney has 253.0 calories. Cranberry, Fig, and Pinot Noir Chutney has 1.0 grams of protein. Cranberry, Fig, and Pinot Noir Chutney has 3.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cranberry, Fig, and Pinot Noir Chutney are 1 1/2 cups Pinot Noir, 12 dried figs, diced, 3/4 cup sugar, 3 strips orange zest, 1 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 4 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.Cranberries are transformed with sweet, subtly earthy dried figs and velvety, slightly spicy Pinot Noir into a chunky, jamlike chutney. Orange zest infuses the mix with its bright citrus flavor and essential oils. Ginger works well in both savory and sweet preparations, and its touch of heat bridges the wine and fruit here. You can serve this chutney instead of the standard cranberry sauce at Thanksgiving, but it is also wonderful with pork and venison dishes, spread on a sandwich, or as an accompaniment to a cheese plate.  Sauce Wine Side Thanksgiving Cranberry Dried Fruit Fall Party Fat Free Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.