Cranberry-Orange Chutney with Cumin, Fennel, and Mustard seeds recipe.  Bring sugar and vinegar to boil in heavy small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and set aside. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add cumin, fennel, and mustard seeds; stir until mustard seeds pop, about 1 minute. Add onion; cook until beginning to brown, stirring constantly, about 6 minutes. Add ginger and chile; stir until chile softens, about 2 minutes. Add vinegar mixture, 3/4 cup water, all cranberries, orange peel, and salt. Simmer until juices thicken, stirring often, about 20 minutes. Cool, cover, and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. Cranberry-Orange Chutney with Cumin, Fennel, and Mustard seeds has 238.0 calories. Cranberry-Orange Chutney with Cumin, Fennel, and Mustard seeds has 1.0 grams of protein. Cranberry-Orange Chutney with Cumin, Fennel, and Mustard seeds has 5.0 grams of fat. Cranberry-Orange Chutney with Cumin, Fennel, and Mustard seeds has 42.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cranberry-Orange Chutney with Cumin, Fennel, and Mustard seeds are 1 1/3 cups sugar, 1/2 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1/2 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 1 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into matchstick-size strips, 1 tablespoon minced seeded serrano chile, 3/4 cup water, 1 pound fresh cranberries or frozen, thawed, 1/2 cup dried cranberries, 1/4 cup matchstick-size strips orange peel (orange part only), Pinch of salt.The technique: Simmering (to cook at about 185°F) cooks the berries and other ingredients at just the right rate. How to tell if your sauce is simmering? Small bubbles should break the surface around the edges of the pan.
The payoff: Simmering softens the berries and allows enough time for all of the flavors to meld.  Sauce Mustard Thanksgiving Low Fat Vegetarian Low Cal High Fiber Cranberry Orange Fennel Low Cholesterol Cumin Bon Appétit.