Creamy Tomato Mint Soup recipe. Melt the butter in a medium-large, non reactive stockpot over low heat. Add the onion and garlic and sweat, stirring occasionally, until translucent but not browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until the mixture develops a nutty aroma, about 10 minutes. Be careful not to let the flour brown. Add the tomatoes, breaking them up against the side of the pot with a wooden spoon if they're canned. Add the stock, tomato paste, and mint and increase the heat to high. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes are very soft, about 30 minutes. Pour the soup into a colander set over a second pot. Pass the tomatoes through a food mill and return them to the stock in a pot. Stir to blend the soup. Whisk in the cream, then simmer, uncovered, whisking frequently, until the soup is well flavored and slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and a pinch of sugar to highlight the sweetness of the tomatoes, if desired. Serve piping hot. Creamy Tomato Mint Soup has 536.0 calories. Creamy Tomato Mint Soup has 10.0 grams of protein. Creamy Tomato Mint Soup has 54.0 grams of fat. Creamy Tomato Mint Soup has 151.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Creamy Tomato Mint Soup are 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped (about 1 cup), 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 4 cups peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped fresh ripe tomatoes (4 to 5 pounds) or 4 cups canned whole plum tomatoes with their juice (two 28-ounce cans), 8 cups Chicken Stock or canned low-sodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 small (about 2 ounces) bunch fresh mint leaves, very coarsely chopped, stems discarded, 2 cups heavy (or whipping) cream, Coarse (kosher) salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Pinch of sugar (optional).Although tomatoes and aromatic herbs always complement each other, tender sprigs of fresh mint seem to have a special affinity for tomatoes. In this soup the mint is a sprightly highlight that serves as a refreshing foil to the richness of the cream. Other fresh herbs, such as thyme or basil, can be substituted and the soup will still be very tasty, but you really owe it to yourself to make this recipe with mint at least once. As for the tomatoes, if it's summertime choose the ripest, freshest ones you can find (a pinch of sugar will bring out their natural sweetness); at other times of the year canned will do just fine. Serve with a basket of hot garlic bread and a tossed vegetable salad.  Soup Stew Stew Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Dinner Lunch Fall Winter Potluck Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.