Crisp Braised Pork Shoulder recipe.  Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Pat pork dry and sprinkle all over with salt. Heat olive oil in pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown pork on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Transfer to a plate. Add carrots, celery, and onion to pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Return pork to pot, along with bay leaves, spices, and water, and bring to a simmer. Cover pot with lid, then transfer to oven and braise, turning pork over once, until center is tender but not falling apart when pierced with a paring knife, 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Transfer pork to a cutting board and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Pour braising liquid through a sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Skim off fat and keep liquid warm, covered. Cut meat across the grain into 6 slices each slice may break into 2 or 3 smaller pieces, depending on part of shoulder you have; discard string if necessary). Heat vegetable oil in a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sear pork slices in 2 batches, turning over once, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer to plates as browned and spoon some braising liquid over pork. Serve with remaining braising liquid. Crisp Braised Pork Shoulder has 890.0 calories. Crisp Braised Pork Shoulder has 59.0 grams of protein. Crisp Braised Pork Shoulder has 68.0 grams of fat. Crisp Braised Pork Shoulder has 1027.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crisp Braised Pork Shoulder are 1 (4 1/2-lb) solid piece boneless pork shoulder (not lean; from picnic side), 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces, 2 celery ribs, cut into 2-inch pieces, 1 onion, cut into 2-inch pieces, 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California, 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1/2 teaspoon juniper berries, 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds, 3 cups water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Special equipment: a wide 5- to 6-qt heavy pot with a tight-fitting lid.Pork all over Denmark is hauntingly tender. Ruggiero was particularly taken with the pork belly she tasted at the restaurant Gammel Mønt—crisp, but succulent and rich. To re-create these qualities, Ruggiero devised a version that requires minimal effort but promises stunning results: Pork shoulder is braised first, until it's super tender, and then flash-seared for a golden crust. The aroma alone will convince you that this unorthodox technique is entirely worthwhile.  Onion Pork Vegetable Braise Sauté Gourmet.