Crispy Brown Rice "Kabbouleh" recipe.  Combine currants and vinegar in a small bowl; let sit at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Cook rice in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, 45-50 minutes. Drain rice, return to pot, cover, and let sit 10 minutes. Spread out on a baking sheet; let dry out overnight in an unlit oven or on countertop. Fit a medium saucepan with thermometer and pour in vegetable oil to measure 2". Heat over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 350°. Working in 4 batches, cook rice until golden and puffed, about 1 minute. Using a fine-mesh sieve, transfer puffed rice to paper towels to drain; season with salt and let cool. Meanwhile, pulse cauliflower in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer to large bowl. Working in batches, pulse kale in food processor until finely chopped be careful not to turn into a purée), adding to cauliflower as you go. Add puffed rice, currants with soaking liquid, cucumber, scallion, olive oil, Aleppo pepper, and sumac, if using; toss to combine and season with salt, black pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. Do ahead: Rice can be fried 5 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature The ingredients of Crispy Brown Rice "Kabbouleh" are 2 tablespoons dried currants, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 3/4 cup short-grain brown rice, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil (for frying; about 2 cups), 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped cauliflower florets, 1/2 small bunch curly kale, ribs and stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped (about 2 cups), 1/2 small English hothouse cucumber, finely chopped, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons sumac (optional), Freshly ground black pepper, A deep-fry thermometer.Is it crazy to cook rice, dry it out, and then deep-fry it? Maybe a little bit. But when you taste this unique and addictively crunchy twist on tabbouleh, you'll appreciate the effort.  Brunch Side Kid-Friendly High Fiber Dinner Lunch Buffet Kale Healthy Kosher Vegan Brown Rice Bon Appétit Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.