Crispy Za'atar Fish with Israeli Couscous, Swiss Chard, and Feta recipe.  In a small saucepan, cook couscous according to package directions, seasoning it with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Once cooked, drain the couscous and transfer to a medium bowl. While the couscous is cooking, drizzle 1 tablespoon oil over both sides of fish fillets and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Rub each side of each fillet with 1 teaspoon za'atar. Heat a large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat, and add 1 tablespoon oil. Once the oil is hot, add fish to skillet, skin-side down, and sear until skin is golden brown and crispy, 4 to 6 minutes. Flip fish and cook until fish is opaque and flakes easily with a fork, 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer fish to a rimmed baking sheet or plate. Add chard stems and wine to pan; cook for 30 seconds. Stir in chard leaves, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to skillet. Cover and cook until chard leaves are wilted, 2 to 3 minutes more. Add chard mixture to bowl with couscous. Fold in pomegranate seeds, olives, feta, and remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Squeeze lemon half over the mixture and toss to combine; taste and adjust seasoning. Divide couscous mixture among four plates and top with fish fillets, skin-side up. Crispy Za'atar Fish with Israeli Couscous, Swiss Chard, and Feta has 280.0 calories. Crispy Za'atar Fish with Israeli Couscous, Swiss Chard, and Feta has 18.0 grams of protein. Crispy Za'atar Fish with Israeli Couscous, Swiss Chard, and Feta has 15.0 grams of fat. Crispy Za'atar Fish with Israeli Couscous, Swiss Chard, and Feta has 564.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crispy Za'atar Fish with Israeli Couscous, Swiss Chard, and Feta are 1 cup Israeli or pearl couscous, 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 4 (6-ounce) arctic char or striped bass fillets, preferably skin on (about 3/4-inch thick), 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 teaspoons za'atar seasoning, 1 pound Swiss chard, stems cut into 1/2-inch slices, leaves roughly chopped, 1/4 cup dry white wine, 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds, 1/4 cup pitted Kalamata olives, halved lengthwise, 1/2 cup crumbled feta, 1/2 lemon.Za'atar is a pre-made spice blend of aromatic dried thyme or oregano, tart sumac, and nutty sesame seeds. Here, it flavors fish fillets served over a warm salad of wilted chard, crisp pomegranate seeds, briny olives, and salty feta.  22-Minute Meals Fish Seafood Couscous Chard Pomegranate Olive Feta Dinner.