Crispy Garlic Risotto Cakes recipe.  Preheat oven to 375°F. Toss garlic cloves with 2 teaspoons olive oil in small baking dish. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake until garlic is tender, about 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until garlic is very tender, about 10 minutes longer. Cool garlic; peel. Puree half of garlic in processor. Thinly slice remaining garlic. Set garlic puree and slices aside. Bring 4 cups water to simmer in medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low, cover and keep hot. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in geavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. add onion; sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add rice; stir until golden, about 3 minutes. Add wine; stir until absorbed, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup hot water. Adjust heat so that liquid bubbles gently. Stir until liquid is absorbed. Continue adding hot water 1 cup at a time until rice is just tender and mixture is very thick, simmering until liquid is absorbed before each addition and stirring frequently, about 25 minutes. Transfer risotto to large bowl. Cool 30 minutes. Mix cheese, parsley and garlic puree and slices into risotto. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours. Shape risotto into six 3-inch-diameter patties, 3/4 inch thick, using about 1/3 cup risotto for each. Place risotto cakes on baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour. Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Place all purpose flour in shallow dish. Lightly coat each risotto cake with flour. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add 3 risotto cakes and cook until golden brown and heated through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer risotto cakes to plate lined with paper towels to drain. Repeat with remaining 1 tablespoon butter and 3 risotto cakes. Transfer risotto cakes to platter and serve. Crispy Garlic Risotto Cakes has 238.0 calories. Crispy Garlic Risotto Cakes has 4.0 grams of protein. Crispy Garlic Risotto Cakes has 11.0 grams of fat. Crispy Garlic Risotto Cakes has 75.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crispy Garlic Risotto Cakes are 14 whole garlic cloves, unpeeled, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 cups water, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, 1/4 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup arborio rice, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, All purpose flour.Skillet cakes make from grains are popular at reatautants across the country. This recipe has a great do-ahead hint - the cakes can be prepared hours before they're cooked. And they are a good way to use leftover risotto.  Food Processor Garlic Rice Side Bake Sauté Vegetarian Winter Chill Simmer Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.