Crispy Spring Rolls with Spicy Tofu, Vegetables, and Toasted Nuts recipe.  Heat a wok or nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and swirl to coat. Add the ginger and garlic and stir-fry until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tofu and mushrooms and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add the carrot and water chestnuts and stir-fry until heated through, about 30 seconds. Add the tamari sauce. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are heated through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the nuts, green onions, and sesame oil and toss to combine. Remove from the heat. Fill a medium bowl with warm water. Dip one of the wrappers in the water for 15 seconds, or until softened. Carefully transfer to a dry work surface. Arrange 2 to 3 tablespoons of the filling in an even horizontal mound just below the center of the wrapper. Roll up the rice paper to form a tight cylinder, folding in the sides about halfway. Assemble the remaining spring rolls in the same manner. Cover the finished rolls with a damp cloth to prevent them from drying out. Preheat the broiler. Lightly coat a large nonstick baking sheet with cooking spray. Arrange the spring rolls in a single layer on the baking sheet, leaving a little space between them. Lightly coat the rolls with cooking spray. Broil the rolls until lightly browned and crisp, 10 to 13 minutes. Using tongs or a spatula, turn the rolls over and continue to broil for another 8 to 10 minutes. Serve each roll wrapped in a lettuce leaf garnished with nuts, and accompanied by the Lime-Soy-Ginger Sauce. Crispy Spring Rolls with Spicy Tofu, Vegetables, and Toasted Nuts has 74.0 calories. Crispy Spring Rolls with Spicy Tofu, Vegetables, and Toasted Nuts has 3.0 grams of protein. Crispy Spring Rolls with Spicy Tofu, Vegetables, and Toasted Nuts has 4.0 grams of fat. Crispy Spring Rolls with Spicy Tofu, Vegetables, and Toasted Nuts has 222.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crispy Spring Rolls with Spicy Tofu, Vegetables, and Toasted Nuts are 2 tablespoons olive oil or canola oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, minced, One 8-ounce package Thai- or teriyaki-flavored tofu, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup (about 3 ounces) finely chopped fresh oyster mushrooms, 1/2 cup finely diced carrot, 1/2 cup finely diced water chestnuts, 2 tablespoons tamari sauce, 3/4 cup toasted peanuts or walnuts , coarsely chopped, 1/4 cup reserved for garnish, 2 green onions, minced, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Twelve 8-inch round dried rice paper wrappers (see note), 1 head Boston or Bibb lettuce, leaves washed and separated, Lime-Soy-Ginger Sauce , for serving.I love visiting Buddhist temples in Asia, not for religious reasons but because I enjoy the food served in their restaurants. This recipe was inspired by the fried vegetarian spring rolls I ate at the Shaolin Temple.  Nut Broil Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Dinner Lunar New Year Tofu Carrot Lettuce Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Kosher.