Croissant Steak Sandwiches with Caramelized Onions and Horseradish Mayonnaise recipe. Mix mayonnaise and horseradish in small bowl to blend. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle tenderloin steaks with salt and pepper. Add steaks to skillet and cook to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Using tongs, transfer steaks to work surface. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until dark brown, about 25 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add broth; boil until juices are reduced to glaze, stirring occasionally, about 1 minute. Season onion mixture to taste with salt and pepper. Place 1 croissant bottom, cut side up, on each of 4 plates. Spread each with horseradish mayonnaise and top with 1/2 cup arugula. Thinly slice steaks and divide among croissants. Top with onion mixture. Spread remaining mayonnaise on cut side of croissant tops. Place tops on sandwiches. Croissant Steak Sandwiches with Caramelized Onions and Horseradish Mayonnaise has 3155.0 calories. Croissant Steak Sandwiches with Caramelized Onions and Horseradish Mayonnaise has 212.0 grams of protein. Croissant Steak Sandwiches with Caramelized Onions and Horseradish Mayonnaise has 231.0 grams of fat. Croissant Steak Sandwiches with Caramelized Onions and Horseradish Mayonnaise has 1183.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Croissant Steak Sandwiches with Caramelized Onions and Horseradish Mayonnaise are 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/4 cup prepared white horseradish, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, divided, 3 1-inch-thick beef tenderloin steaks, 3 medium onions, thinly sliced, 8 ounces large shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps thinly sliced (about 5 cups), 1 cup beef broth, 4 large croissants, halved horizontally, lightly toasted, 2 cups arugula.Marty Rosencranz of River Vale, New Jersey, writes: "Even though I am a professional chef — at the Valley Brook Golf Club in New Jersey — when I cook at home I make dishes that are good but fast. The warm steak sandwich is one of the best things to eat for lunch on a cold day.".  Sandwich Beef Onion Sauté Horseradish Bon Appétit New Jersey.