Crostini with Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Apple Chutney recipe.  Stir sugar and vinegar in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Add next 4 ingredients and simmer until mixture is syrupy and reduced to 1/2 cup, about 8 minutes. Mix in apples and raisins. Increase heat to high and boil until apples are tender, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Chutney can be made 3 days ahead; cover and refrigerate.) Mix in tomatoes and mint. Preheat oven to 450°F. Arrange baguette slices on baking sheet and brush with olive oil. Bake until golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Spread each toast with roasted garlic; top with goat cheese and chutney. Crostini with Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Apple Chutney has 328.0 calories. Crostini with Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Apple Chutney has 9.0 grams of protein. Crostini with Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Apple Chutney has 13.0 grams of fat. Crostini with Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Apple Chutney has 213.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crostini with Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Apple Chutney are Note: At the restaurant, the bread is grilled, but it’s just as good when it’s baked., 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 3/4 cup rice vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 1/2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut into -inch pieces (about 4 cups), 1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup diced seeded plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 French-bread baguette, cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices, Olive oil, Roasted Garlic, 12 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), room temperature.Kari and Brian Chase of St. Paul, Minnesota say that their neighborhood has a great restaurant: 128 Cafe. The last time they were there they tried a delicious appetizer of crisp bread with roasted garlic, goat cheese and apple chutney.  Cheese Garlic Vegetable Appetizer Bake Cocktail Party Vegetarian Quick & Easy New Year's Eve Goat Cheese Apple Fall Party Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.