Crostini with Mushrooms, Prosciutto, and Blue Cheese recipe.  Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add all mushrooms and garlic and sauté until mushrooms are cooked through and brown, about 10 minutes. Add cream and boil until liquid is completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Add blue cheese and stir until cheese melts. Mix in prosciutto. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer mushroom topping to bowl. Mushroom topping can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Bake until just golden, about 5 minutes. Mound 1 generous tablespoon mushroom topping on each slice. Return to oven; bake until topping is heated through, about 6 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley. Crostini with Mushrooms, Prosciutto, and Blue Cheese has 131.0 calories. Crostini with Mushrooms, Prosciutto, and Blue Cheese has 6.0 grams of protein. Crostini with Mushrooms, Prosciutto, and Blue Cheese has 5.0 grams of fat. Crostini with Mushrooms, Prosciutto, and Blue Cheese has 297.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crostini with Mushrooms, Prosciutto, and Blue Cheese are 3 tablespoons butter, 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps chopped, 4 ounces crimini mushrooms, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 2 ounces), 1/2 cup chopped thinly sliced prosciutto (about 2 1/2 ounces), 18 1/2-inch-thick diagonal bread slices cut from 1 sourdough baguette, Chopped fresh parsley.Bonnie Wilkens Metully of Cincinnati, Ohio, writes: "As much as my husband and I love to go out to eat, it's just more fun, intimate, and cozy to cook and entertain at home. I've taught a lot of our friends just how easy it is to prepare restaurant-quality dishes themselves. Who taught me? My older sister, who's a professional chef. She showed me the importance of getting everything prepped beforehand and seeking out the freshest ingredients.".  Cheese Mushroom Pork Appetizer Bake Sauté Blue Cheese Winter Prosciutto Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.