Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers recipe. Line a rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap. Pour water into a large skillet to a depth of 2". Bring water to a boil; lower heat to maintain a simmer. Add vinegar. Break 1 egg into a small ramekin or bowl. Partially immerse cup in water and quickly slide egg into water. Repeat with remaining 3 eggs. Cook until whites are firm but yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to prepared sheet. Trim eggs' ragged edges with a knife. Slide eggs into a medium bowl filled with ice water. Cover bowl; chill until cold.DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Heat extra-virgin olive oil in a medium heavy skillet over medium heat. Add garlic; sauté for 1 minute. Add ham; sauté for 1 minute. Add peppers, Sherry, and marjoram; simmer until almost all liquid evaporates, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to a kitchen towel to drain. Mix panko, thyme, and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Place egg whites in another medium bowl; whisk to loosen. Gently roll 1 poached egg in egg whites, then in panko mixture some bare spots may remain). Place on plate. Repeat with remaining eggs, egg whites, and panko. Heat 3/4 cup olive oil in a medium heavy skillet over medium heat. Gently slide eggs, one at a time, into oil; cook until crumbs begin to brown, about 2 minutes per side. Using slotted spoon, transfer eggs to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle lightly with salt. Divide pepper mixture among 4 plates. Top each with 1 egg and serve. Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers has 1765.0 calories. Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers has 175.0 grams of protein. Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers has 103.0 grams of fat. Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers has 16056.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Crunchy Eggs with Piquillo Peppers are 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 4 extra-large eggs, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 ounces thinly sliced Serrano ham or prosciutto, cut into 2x1/4" strips, 1/2 cup canned piquillo peppers or roasted red peppers from jar, cut lengthwise into 1/2"-wide strips, 1/2 cup dry Sherry, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 large egg whites, 3/4 cup olive oil, Ingredient info: Serrano ham (also known as jamón Serrano) is sold at specialty foods stores and Latin markets. Piquillo peppers can be found at specialty foods stores and latienda.com. Panko is available at better supermarkets and at Asian markets..Chef Nancy Oakes was initially underwhelmed when developing this dish. "The eggs were just poached and a little squishy," she says. "Frying them in breadcrumbs made things more interesting." For maximum crispiness, chill the poached eggs before giving them a pre-fry roll in the egg whites and panko.  Egg Pepper Appetizer Breakfast Brunch Low Cal Healthy Prosciutto Breadcrumbs Bon Appétit.