Cumin-Crusted Lamb with Apricots recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Remove all visible fat from the lamb. In a small skillet, put cumin powder plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt. Heat over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring frequently, until the aroma rises. Let cool. Place apricots in a bowl. Pour boiling water over apricots to cover. Let sit for 15 minutes to plump. Drain thoroughly. Open lamb and place on a work surface so that it remains flat. Sprinkle lamb with half the cumin-salt mixture and freshly ground black pepper. Place drained apricots in a long, overlapping row, lengthwise down the center of the lamb. Roll lamb tightly around the apricot filling. Using heavy string, tie the roast at 1-inch intervals. Rub roast with remaining cumin-salt mixture. Sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper. Coat a large shallow roasting pan with nonstick vegetable spray. Place roast in pan. Roast for 1 hour and 20 minutes, or until meat thermometer reads 135°F for medium-rare. Remove roast from oven. Place on a large cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan bring 2 cups water to a boil. Pour off almost all the fat from the roasting pan and pour in the boiling water,scraping up browned bits. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into saucepan. Carve lamb into thick slices. Add any juices from board to saucepan. Heat briefly, adding salt and pepper to taste. Pour over lamb. Cumin-Crusted Lamb with Apricots has 728.0 calories. Cumin-Crusted Lamb with Apricots has 60.0 grams of protein. Cumin-Crusted Lamb with Apricots has 46.0 grams of fat. Cumin-Crusted Lamb with Apricots has 187.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cumin-Crusted Lamb with Apricots are 7 pound leg of lamb, boned and butterflied by the butcher (net weight about 4 1/4 pounds), 1/4 cup ground cumin, 1/2 pound large good-quality dried apricots.These flavors and aromas transport me to Marrakesh, where our friend Latif, son of the late imam of the great mosque there, guided us through the bustling and mysterious spice markets. Here's how I've recaptured the memory: a boned leg of lamb is stuffed with intensely flavored dried apricots, high in beta-carotene and potassium, then rubbed with aromatic cumin. Buy your cumin from a Middle Eastern market or spice store for the most flavorful results.  Lamb Roast Low Fat Apricot Spice Winter.