Cumin Seed Roasted Cauliflower with Salted Yogurt, Mint, and Pomegranate Seeds recipe. Preheat the oven to 425°F. Toss the cauliflower with the oil, cumin seed, salt, and pepper. Spread the mixture in an even layer on a large baking sheet. Roast, tossing occasionally, until the cauliflower is tender and its edges are toasty, 20 to 30 minutes. Whisk a pinch of salt into the yogurt. Dollop the yogurt on top of the cauliflower and strew the mint and pomegranate seeds over the yogurt. Cumin Seed Roasted Cauliflower with Salted Yogurt, Mint, and Pomegranate Seeds has 230.0 calories. Cumin Seed Roasted Cauliflower with Salted Yogurt, Mint, and Pomegranate Seeds has 8.0 grams of protein. Cumin Seed Roasted Cauliflower with Salted Yogurt, Mint, and Pomegranate Seeds has 15.0 grams of fat. Cumin Seed Roasted Cauliflower with Salted Yogurt, Mint, and Pomegranate Seeds has 605.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cumin Seed Roasted Cauliflower with Salted Yogurt, Mint, and Pomegranate Seeds are 1 large head cauliflower, cut into bite-sized florets, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Plain yogurt, for serving, Chopped fresh mint leaves, for serving, Pomegranate seeds, for serving.When the nights turn blustery and the temperature drops, I know that roasted vegetable season has arrived, and I embrace it with reckless abandon. I'll roast any kind of sturdy vegetable that I can cut up and fit into my oven, but one of my favorites is cauliflower, preferably tossed with whole cumin seeds. Not only does the cumin act as a natural remedy to help reduce the dreaded intestinal gas factor (or so I've been told), but it also adds a pleasant earthy flavor to balance the assertive tang of the vegetable.  Side Roast Vegetarian Dinner Lunch Cauliflower Fall Winter Healthy Pomegranate Cumin Vegan Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.