Cumin-Roasted Potatoes with Caviar and Smoked Salmon recipe. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel yellow part only) from lemons. Simmer peel, 1/2 cup water, and 4 teaspoons kosher salt in heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat until salt dissolves. Reduce heat to low and simmer until liquid is reduced to 2 tablespoons and peel is tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Transfer peel with liquid to jar. Add lemon juice and extra-virgin olive oil. Refrigerate at least 1 day and up to 1 week. Drain peel; mince. Stir crème fraîche, minced dill, cilantro, and 1 tablespoon minced peel in small bowl. Cover and chill at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Set rack at lowest position in oven and preheat to 450°F. Brush nonstick baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Combine 1 tablespoon olive oil and cumin in large bowl. Add potatoes; toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange potatoes, cut side down, on baking sheet and roast until tender and cut sides are brown, about 12 minutes. Cool slightly. Arrange potato halves, cut side up, on platter. Top each with 1 teaspoon crème fraäche, 1 salmon strip, and 1/2 teaspoon caviar. Garnish with dill sprigs. Cumin-Roasted Potatoes with Caviar and Smoked Salmon has 62.0 calories. Cumin-Roasted Potatoes with Caviar and Smoked Salmon has 1.0 grams of protein. Cumin-Roasted Potatoes with Caviar and Smoked Salmon has 5.0 grams of fat. Cumin-Roasted Potatoes with Caviar and Smoked Salmon has 364.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cumin-Roasted Potatoes with Caviar and Smoked Salmon are 2 lemons, 1/2 cup water, 4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream, 1 teaspoon (packed) minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon (packed) minced fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 1/2 teaspoons coarsely crushed cumin seeds, 12 small fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise (about 14 ounces), 3 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into 1/2-inch-by-2 1/2-inch strips, 1 ounce caviar, Small fresh dill sprigs.Preserved lemon, an essential ingredient in Moroccan cooking, is made by pickling lemons in salt, lemon juice, and olive oil. Here, preserving just the peel (begin at least a day ahead) is an easy way to add an exciting note to the crème fraäche.  Fish Potato Appetizer Roast Christmas Cocktail Party New Year's Eve Winter Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.