Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad recipe.  Mix salt, sugar, fennel fronds, and gin in a medium bowl mixture should feel like wet sand). Spread half of salt mixture in a shallow baking dish. Place salmon on top and cover with remaining salt mixture. Press a sheet of plastic wrap over salmon and place a smaller dish or heavy pan on top it should be small enough to fit inside the dish so it rests directly on top of salmon). Add a couple of heavy cans to empty baking dish to weigh down salmon. Chill, turning occasionally, until flesh is firm and slightly darkened in color, 1-2 days. Rinse salmon and pat dry. Do ahead: Salmon can be cured 1 week ahead. Tightly wrap and chill. Toss carrots, fennel bulb, and lemon slices with oil and lemon juice in a large bowl; season with salt and let sit at room temperature until slightly softened, about 30 minutes. Thinly slice cured salmon at an angle against the grain. Season yogurt with salt, spread on plates, and top with cured salmon, fennel and carrot salad, fennel fronds, and fennel flowers, if using. Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad has 222.0 calories. Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad has 14.0 grams of protein. Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad has 12.0 grams of fat. Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad has 9465.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Cured Salmon with Fennel and Carrot Salad are 1 1/4 cups kosher salt, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup chopped fennel fronds, 1/4 cup gin or aquavit, 1 1 1/2-pound piece skin-on salmon fillet, 2 medium carrots, peeled, very thinly sliced, 1 medium fennel bulb, very thinly sliced, plus 1 tablespoon chopped fennel fronds, 1 lemon, very thinly sliced, 3 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, Fennel flowers or fennel pollen (optional).Weighing down the salmon fillet with heavy cans as it cures will press excess liquid out of the flesh to ensure a firm texture.  Low Fat Low Cal High Fiber Dinner Lunch Salmon Fennel Carrot Healthy Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free.