Curried Stir-Fried Noodles with Vegetables recipe. In a large bowl soak noodles in boiling water to cover 5 to 10 minutes, or until opaque-white and tender, and drain well in a colander. Cut carrots on diagonal into 1/4-inch-thick slices and cut slices lengthwise into thin strips. In a large steamer rack set over boiling water steam broccoli, covered, 1 minute. Add carrots and leek and steam, covered 1 minute. Add onion and steam, covered, 1 minute. Transfer vegetables to a large bowl. In a small bowl stir together sauce ingredients in order given until cornstarch is dissolved. Heat a wok over high heat until hot and add oil. Heat oil until a wisp of white smoke appears and stir-fry garlic and gingerroot until fragrant, about 5 seconds. Add curry powder and turmeric and stir-fry 5 seconds. Stir sauce and add to curry mixture. Bring curry sauce to a boil, stirring. Add noodles, scallions, and steamed vegetables to curry sauce and gently stir-fry until noodles are coated well with sauce. Serves 4. Curried Stir-Fried Noodles with Vegetables has 376.0 calories. Curried Stir-Fried Noodles with Vegetables has 9.0 grams of protein. Curried Stir-Fried Noodles with Vegetables has 5.0 grams of fat. Curried Stir-Fried Noodles with Vegetables has 1676.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Curried Stir-Fried Noodles with Vegetables are 1/2 pound dried rice-stick noodles (rice vermicelli)*, 3 medium carrots (about 1/2 pound), 1 bunch broccoli, cut into small 1 1/2-inch-long flowerets (about 3 cups), reserving stems for another use, white and pale green parts of 1 medium leek, cut lengthwise into 2-inch-long julienne strips, 1 medium red onion, sliced thin lengthwise (about 2 cups), 1/2 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Scotch, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1/4 teaspoon turmeric, if desired, for a brighter yellow color, 4 scallions, cut lengthwise into 2-inch-long julienne strips, *available at Asian markets, some specialty foods shops and supermarkets. Vegetable Curry Broccoli Summer Noodle Gourmet.