Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles recipe.  Finely chop onion in a food processor. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium and cook onion, stirring often, until soft and starting to brown, 6–8 minutes. Meanwhile, finely chop jalapeño and garlic in processor; place in a small bowl. Pulse shrimp in processor until coarsely ground; set aside. Meanwhile, finely chop jalapeño and garlic in processor; place in a small bowl. Pulse shrimp in processor until coarsely ground; set aside. Add jalapeño and garlic to skillet along with curry powder, gochugaru, and ginger; cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring, until paste is slightly darkened, about 3 minutes. Add reserved shrimp and cook, stirring often, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle flour over mixture and cook, stirring, until flour is no longer visible. Add broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer briskly, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half, 25–30 minutes. Meanwhile, cook noodles according to package directions; drain. Add to sauce, tossing to coat. Remove from heat; stir in citrus zest and juice. Drizzle with chili oil and top with basil and scallions. Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles has 575.0 calories. Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles has 35.0 grams of protein. Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles has 11.0 grams of fat. Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles has 1280.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Curried Ground Shrimp and Noodles are 1 large onion, cut into large pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small jalapeño, seeds removed if desired, coarsely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, 1 1/2 pound small shrimp, peeled, deveined, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon gochugaru (Korean red pepper powder), 2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth, 12 ounces wide rice noodles, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Chili oil, fresh basil leaves, and sliced scallions (for serving).Reason alone to take a trip down your supermarket's international aisle.  Dinner Lunch Shrimp Noodle Bon Appétit Cambridge Massachusetts Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.