Danish Salted-Butter Cookies recipe.  Combine butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl; scrape in vanilla seeds and discard pod. Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat until very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in 1 egg. Reduce speed to low; gradually mix in 2 cups flour. Form dough into a 3/4"-thick disk. Wrap in plastic and chill until firm, about 2 hours. Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 350°F. Let disk of dough sit at room temperature until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Roll out on a lightly floured sheet of parchment paper, shifting often on sheet and dusting with more flour as needed to keep from sticking, until about 3/8" thick. Punch out rounds with large cutter; punch out centers with smaller cutter. Transfer to parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1 1/2" apart. Pat scraps into a 3/4"-thick disk. Chill 15 minutes. Beat remaining egg in a small bowl with 1 tsp. water; brush cookies with egg wash; sprinkle with sanding sugar. Freeze 10 minutes. Bake, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until edges are golden brown, 10–15 minutes. Transfer to wire racks; let cool. Repeat with scraps and remaining egg wash and sanding sugar. Dough can be made 1 month ahead; freeze. Cookies can be baked 2 days ahead; store airtight at room temperature. Danish Salted-Butter Cookies has 147.0 calories. Danish Salted-Butter Cookies has 1.0 grams of protein. Danish Salted-Butter Cookies has 9.0 grams of fat. Danish Salted-Butter Cookies has 91.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Danish Salted-Butter Cookies are 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled salted butter, cut into pieces, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 large eggs, 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more, 1 cup white sanding sugar, A 3"-diameter and a 1 1/2"-diameter fluted cookie cutter.Using chilled butter and freezing the cookies before baking encourages clean, tidy edges.  Bon Appétit Dessert Christmas Kid-Friendly Cookies Vanilla Butter Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.