Dark Chocolate Avocado Brownies recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly coat an 8-or 9-inch square baking dish with coconut oil spray and set aside the smaller dish will yield slightly thicker brownies). In a small bowl, combine the flaxseed meal and hot water; set aside to coagulate. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, spirulina, and salt. Set the dry ingredients aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the avocado, water, coconut oil, and vanilla extract. Using an electric mixer, beat in the brown sugar to combine until the avocado is smooth. Add the dry ingredients to the wet, and beat well to combine. In a small bowl, combine the baking soda and apple cider vinegar. When the mixture fizzes, use a spatula to stir into the brownie batter along with the coagulated flaxseeds. Gently fold in the chocolate chips. Scrape the batter into the prepared baking dish, and, using the spatula, smooth the surface. Bake until the sides of the brownies are dry and pulling away from the pan and the center resists light pressure, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for 1 hour. Then cut into 16 squares. Dark Chocolate Avocado Brownies has 170.0 calories. Dark Chocolate Avocado Brownies has 2.0 grams of protein. Dark Chocolate Avocado Brownies has 12.0 grams of fat. Dark Chocolate Avocado Brownies has 135.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Dark Chocolate Avocado Brownies are Coconut oil or olive oil cooking spray, for the baking dish, Flaxseed egg: 1 tablespoon flaxseed meal, plus 3 tablespoons warm water, 3/4 cup gluten- free all- purpose flour, 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon aluminum- free baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon spirulina powder (optional), 1/4 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 ripe avocado, pitted, peeled, and mashed until smooth, 1/2 cup unrefined coconut oil, 1/4 cup hot water, 1 teaspoon organic vanilla extract, 1/2 cup packed organic light or dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon raw, unfiltered apple cider vinegar, 1 cup semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chips (preferably with a minimum of 65 percent cacao) or 1 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate (not milk or dairy chocolate).These vegan brownies took at least thirty rounds of serious test-kitchen madness (not kidding!). When we finally said, okay, okay, moist and crumbly and chocolatey and delicious, we gave in. I used flaxseed meal and warm water to create a binder that replaces the need for egg. These egg-free, gluten-free, dairy-free, guilt-free brownies are some of the best you will ever taste! They will crumble a bit more than regular brownies, so beware of crumbs!.  Chocolate Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly High Fiber Wheat Gluten-Free Healthy Vegan Seed Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.