Date, Dried-Cherry and Chocolate Torte recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. Combine dates, cherries, and baking soda in a heatproof bowl, then stir in boiling water and brandy. Whisk together flour, cocoa, and salt. Beat together butter and sugar until pale and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until just combined. Beat in vanilla and zest. Add half of flour mixture and beat at low speed until just combined. Add date mixture with liquid and beat at low speed until just combined. Add remaining flour mixture and beat until just combined. Stir in chocolate and pecans. Pour batter into a generously buttered 24-cm 9-inch) springform pan, smoothing top. Bake in middle of oven until center is slightly rounded and top of torte is cracked edges will be dark brown), about 55 minutes. Let torte stand 5 minutes in pan on a rack. Run a sharp small knife around side of pan to loosen, then remove side. Cool torte on rack. Date, Dried-Cherry and Chocolate Torte has 714.0 calories. Date, Dried-Cherry and Chocolate Torte has 8.0 grams of protein. Date, Dried-Cherry and Chocolate Torte has 37.0 grams of fat. Date, Dried-Cherry and Chocolate Torte has 331.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Date, Dried-Cherry and Chocolate Torte are 1 cup Deglet Noor or Medjool dates (6 oz), pitted and each cut into 6 pieces, 1/2 cup Black Sphinx or Medjool dates (3 oz), pitted and each cut into 6 pieces, 1 cup dried cherries (preferably tart; 6 oz), 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup boiling water, 1/4 cup brandy, 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process), 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened, 3/4 cup sugar, 2 large eggs at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3/4 teaspoon finely grated fresh orange zest, 6 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), coarsely chopped, 3/4 cup pecans (4 1/2 oz), finely chopped, Garnish: confectioners sugar, Accompaniment: brandied whipped cream.Active time: 30 min Start to finish: 2 1/2 hr.  Cake Chocolate Fruit Dessert Bake Christmas Date Cherry Winter Gourmet.