Date Shake with Toasted Nuts (Majoon) recipe.  Cut the banana into 1-inch-thick slices and place them in a blender. Add the dates, yogurt, vanilla, cinnamon, salt, ice cubes, and 3/4 cup water and blend until smooth. Add an additional 1/4 cup water if the shake is too thick. Pour into glasses, top with rows of coconut flakes, almonds, walnuts, pistachios, and sesame seeds, and serve. Date Shake with Toasted Nuts (Majoon) has 485.0 calories. Date Shake with Toasted Nuts (Majoon) has 8.0 grams of protein. Date Shake with Toasted Nuts (Majoon) has 13.0 grams of fat. Date Shake with Toasted Nuts (Majoon) has 104.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Date Shake with Toasted Nuts (Majoon) are 1 banana, peeled and frozen, 8 Medjool dates, pitted, 1/2 cup plain yogurt (not thick), 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of ground cinnamon, Pinch of sea salt, 2 cups ice cubes, 3/4 cup to 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon toasted unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 tablespoon toasted almonds, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted pistachios, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds.I first tasted a majoon at the Café Glacé in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, where these decadent concoctions are whipped up with vanilla ice cream for Westwood's large Persian community. I make majoon with yogurt instead, which gives it a hint of lemony sourness and packs enough nutrients for a healthy breakfast. Although it takes more time, I recommend toasting nuts and seeds in the oven on a dry baking sheet, rather than in a pan on the stove top, because they cook more evenly. You can toast a few cups at a time and keep them on hand for various recipes. Toast the delicate coconut flakes, sesame seeds, and pistachios at 300°F for 3 to 4 minutes, then transfer immediately to a plate to prevent burning. Toast the almonds and walnuts at 350°F for about 12 minutes, until fragrant and crisp.  Dairy Fruit Nut Breakfast Vegetarian Yogurt Date Tree Nut Almond Pistachio Walnut Drink Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.