Deborah Madison's Roasted Squash, Pear, and Ginger Soup recipe.  Preheat the oven to 425°F. Cut the squash in half, scrape out the seeds, then cut each half into thirds. Put the pieces in a large baking dish or roasting pan with the pears and all but a few slices of the ginger. Brush with oil, season with salt, and bake until fragrant and tender, about 1 hour. Turn the pieces once or twice so that they have a chance to caramelize on more than one surface. If the squash seems very dry some varieties are), add 1 cup water to the pan to create steam and cover with foil. When the squash is tender, transfer everything from the pan to a cutting board, add 1 cup water to the pan, and scrape to dissolve the juices, reserving the liquid. Scrape the flesh of the squash away from the skins. You should have about 2 cups. To make a stock, bring 6 cups water to a boil and add the seeds and, eventually,the squash skins, the remaining ginger, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Lower the heat and simmer, covered, for 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a soup pot. Add the onion, give it a stir, and cook over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until it begins to brown a bit and is fragrant, about 10 minutes. Add the pears, ginger, and squash, then the reserved deglazing water. Strain the stock into the pot. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, covered, for 25 minutes. Cool briefly, then puree until smooth and pass through a food mill or strainer to ensure a silky texture. Serve as is or swirl in the crème fraîche. Deborah Madison's Roasted Squash, Pear, and Ginger Soup has 207.0 calories. Deborah Madison's Roasted Squash, Pear, and Ginger Soup has 3.0 grams of protein. Deborah Madison's Roasted Squash, Pear, and Ginger Soup has 6.0 grams of fat. Deborah Madison's Roasted Squash, Pear, and Ginger Soup has 21.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Deborah Madison's Roasted Squash, Pear, and Ginger Soup are One 2 1/2-pound Buttercup, Perfection, or other dense winter squash, rinsed, 3 ripe but firm pears, any variety, quartered, seeds and stems removed, 1 chunk fresh ginger, about 2 inches long, thinly sliced, Sunflower seed or olive oil for the squash, Sea salt, 2 tablespoons butter or sunflower seed oil, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup crème fraîche or sour cream, optional.This fall soup is like putting on the first sweater of the season: it just feels so good. Although the soup takes several steps—roasting the squash and pears (which can be done a day ahead of time), cooking them, and finally pureeing the soup—none involve much from you. It's an easily made soup that will keep well for days—a great possibility for a holiday meal.  Soup Stew Fruit Ginger Vegetable Bake Dinner Lunch Pear Squash Fall Winter Healthy Simmer Butter.