Dirty Rice Stuffing recipe.  In a heavy saucepan combine the rice, 2 1/2 cups cold water, and salt to taste. Bring the water to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and cook the rice, covered, for 15 minutes, or until it is tender and the water is absorbed. In another heavy saucepan combine the giblets, the broth, 2 cups water, the parsley, the peppercorns, 1 of the onions, halved, and salt to taste, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer it for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the livers are just cooked through. Transfer the livers with a slotted spoon to a bowl, simmer the mixture for 30 minutes more, and strain the stock through a fine sieve into another bowl, reserving the giblets with the livers. Let the giblets cool, trim the kidneys, and remove the meat from the necks, discarding the skin and bones. Chop the giblets including the livers and return them to their bowl. In a heavy skillet, preferably cast-iron, combine the oil and the flour and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a metal spatula, for 30 minutes, or until it is the color of milk chocolate. Add the remaining onion, chopped, the bell pepper, and the celery and cook the mixture, stirring, until the vegetables are softened. Add the giblet stock, simmer the gravy for 30 minutes, and stir in the giblets. The rice and the giblet gravy may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Let the rice return to room temperature before continuing with the stuffing. In a large bowl combine well the rice, the gravy, the scallion greens, the cayenne, and salt to taste. Dirty Rice Stuffing has 414.0 calories. Dirty Rice Stuffing has 20.0 grams of protein. Dirty Rice Stuffing has 13.0 grams of fat. Dirty Rice Stuffing has 187.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Dirty Rice Stuffing are 1 1/2 cups short-grain rice (available at Asian markets and some supermarkets), 1 pound chicken giblets including the livers, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 parsley sprig, 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 onions, 3 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 rib of celery, chopped, 1/2 cup thinly sliced scallion greens, cayenne to taste. Rice Side Spring Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.