Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies recipe.  Heat the oven to 350°F. In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at time, mixing after each addition to make sure they are well combined. In a separate bowl, combine the dry ingredients: flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt, and espresso powder. I use a whisk to make sure they are well blended. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Mix everything until the ingredients are fully combined, but do not overbeat. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the chocolate chips. Line a baking sheet with a Silpat mat or parchment paper. Using a 1 1/2-inch ice cream scoop or a rounded teaspoon, drop the dough on the sheet 2 inches apart. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the tops look dry. Do not overbake, or the cookies will not be chewy. Cool on a wire rack and serve. Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies has 118.0 calories. Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies has 1.0 grams of protein. Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies has 6.0 grams of fat. Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies has 66.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Double Chocolate Espresso Cookies are 18 tablespoons (2 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, like Medaglia D’Oro, or similar, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips.Two warnings about these cookies: Don’t give them to young children before bedtime and don’t leave them lying around, if you want any left for yourself. These cookies are crisp on the edges and have a chewy middle strewn with pockets of soft chocolate. The espresso powder, as Kelsey (The Naptime Chef) noted, amplifies the chocolate, but not the sweetness, making it a grown-up cookie. When making any cookies, make sure to cream the butter really well—this aerates the cookies and integrates the sugar—but be conservative with your mixing once the dry ingredients are added.  HarperCollins Cookies Chocolate Coffee Bake Dessert.