Doubles recipe. In small bowl, stir together water, sugar, and yeast. Let stand until foamy, about 5 or 6 minutes. In large bowl whisk together flour, salt, turmeric, cumin, and pepper. Stir in yeast mixture, then add additional warm water, if needed, until mixture comes together into slightly firm dough. Knead dough in bowl 2 minutes, then form into ball and cover with damp cloth. Let dough rise in warm, draft-free place until doubled, about 1 hour. If using dried chickpeas, drain and add 6 cups fresh water. Simmer until tender, about 1 hour. Drain. If using canned chickpeas, drain and rinse well with cold water. In heavy skillet over moderately high heat, heat oil. Add onion and sauté until translucent. Add garlic and sauté 1 minute more. Mix in curry powder and sauté 30 seconds, then add 1/4 cup water. Stir in chickpeas, cover, and simmer 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water and cumin. Season with salt and pepper and bring to boil. Lower heat and simmer, uncovered, until chickpeas are very tender, approximately 20 minutes. Punch down risen dough and allow to rest 10 minutes. Dampen hands, pinch off walnut-size piece of dough, and flatten into 4 1/2-inch diameter circle. Set aside. Repeat with remaining dough. In deep frying pan over moderately high heat, heat oil. Fry dough circles, in batches if necessary, until lightly browned, about 40 seconds per side. Drain on paper towels or on wire rack set over baking sheet. Place 2 tablespoons filling on 1 piece fried dough. Add pepper sauce, kuchela, and cucumber. Top with another piece fried dough. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Serve as snack or appetizer. The ingredients of Doubles are 1/3 cup warm water (100°-110°F)., 1/4 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 cups dried chickpeas, soaked overnight in 6 cups of water, or 1 (16-ounce) can chickpeas, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder (see Tips, below), Pinch of ground cumin, Salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup vegetable oil, Hot pepper sauce (see Tips, below), Kuchela (see Tips, below), Thinly shredded cucumber.Editor's note: This recipe is adapted from Sweet Hands: Island Cooking from Trinidad & Tobago by Ramin Ganeshram. Ganeshram also shared tips exclusively with Epicurious, which we've added at the bottom of the page.  Garlic Breakfast Fry Sauté Curry Cucumber Chickpea Spring Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.