Double-Decker Rhubarb Ice Cream Sandwiches recipe.  Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into heavy medium saucepan; add bean. Add rhubarb with juices if using frozen), 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons corn syrup and pinch of salt. Cover pan and cook over medium-low heat until rhubarb is tender, about 10 minutes. Cool; discard vanilla bean. Place rhubarb mixture in blender. Add raspberries with juices; purée mixture until smooth. Whisk egg yolks, 1/2 cup whipping cream, remaining 1/2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons corn syrup in clean heavy medium saucepan to blend well. Stir mixture over medium-low heat until thick enough to coat spoon, about 7 minutes do not boil). Remove from heat. Mix in 2 1/3 cups rhubarb-raspberry purée. Refrigerate custard until cold. Cover and refrigerate remaining rhubarb-raspberry purée for sauce. Process rhubarb custard in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Freeze in covered container. Place 8 Pistachio Meringues on clean baking sheet. Top each meringue with scoop of rhubarb-raspberry ice cream; flatten ice cream to reach edge of meringue. Top each ice-cream-covered meringue with another meringue and another scoop of ice cream; flatten to reach edge. Top each with third meringue. Cover and freeze ice cream sandwiches until firm, about 2 hours. Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep frozen.) Cut sandwiches in half. Place 2 halves, rounded sides down, on plates. Drizzle with reserved purée. The ingredients of Double-Decker Rhubarb Ice Cream Sandwiches are 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 5 cups 1/2-inch-thick slices trimmed fresh rhubarb or one 1 1/4-pound bag frozen unsweetened rhubarb, thawed, with juices, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 4 tablespoons light corn syrup, Pinch of salt, 1 cup frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed, with juices, 6 large egg yolks, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 24Pistachio Meringues.Make these with fresh rhubarb when it is in season, from late winter through midsummer.  Berry Dairy Egg Fruit Dessert Freeze Chill Vegetarian Spring Rhubarb Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.