Double-Dark Chicken Noodle Soup recipe.  Trim dark green leaves from leek; discard all but 2. Slice leek in half lengthwise; set aside. Tuck parsley, thyme, and bay leaves inside leek leaves; tie closed with kitchen twine. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium. Working in batches, cook wings, turning often, until browned all over, 15–20 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add onion, carrots, celery, garlic, and reserved leek to pot. Cook, turning occasionally, until browned, 10–12 minutes. Add tomato paste; cook, stirring, until slightly darkened, about 3 minutes. Add 1/2 cup water, scraping up browned bits. Add wings, leek bundle, peppercorns, and 12 cups water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer, skimming occasionally, until stock is deep amber and chicken is falling off the bone, 1 1/2–2 hours. Remove chicken and vegetables. Strain stock into a clean large heavy pot. Bring stock to a simmer over medium-high heat; season with salt and pepper. Add thighs, cover, and simmer until cooked through, 8–10 minutes. Transfer thighs to a plate; let cool slightly. Shred meat; discard bones. Add carrots and onions to pot; simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Add meat. Meanwhile, cook noodles in a pot of boiling salted water until just al dente, 7–8 minutes. Drain; rinse under cold water. Add to soup. Serve topped with chervil. Do ahead: Soup without noodles) can be made 2 days ahead or 2 months if frozen). Let cool; transfer to airtight containers and chill. The ingredients of Double-Dark Chicken Noodle Soup are 1 leek, Stems from 1/2 bunch parsley, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 pounds chicken wings, 1 onion, unpeeled, quartered, 3 carrots, peeled, 2 celery stalks, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 2 1/2 pounds bone-in chicken thighs, skin removed, 8 ounces carrots, peeled, sliced 1/2" thick, 8 ounces pearl onions, peeled,, halved through root, 8 ounces egg noodles, Fresh chervil (for serving).Our best-ever chicken stock begins with wings, which have a high skin-to-meat ratio. Browning the wings results in lots of caramelized nooks and crannies that imbue the stock with a deep, savory flavor.  Soup Stew Chicken Onion Kid-Friendly Low Cal Dinner Lunch Celery Carrot Healthy Low Cholesterol Boil Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.