Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade recipe. Rinse beans with cold water; place in large saucepan. Add enough cold water to cover beans by 2 inches; let soak overnight. Drain. Return beans to same pan. Add enough cold water to cover beans by 3 to 4 inches. Add celery stalk, carrot, and onion. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer uncovered until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Remove from heat. Add 1 teaspoon coarse salt; let beans cool in cooking liquid. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill in cooking liquid. Before using, drain beans, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid. Lightly butter 1-quart baking dish. Combine crab, cheddar cheese, mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice, and Worcestershire sauce in medium bowl; chill. Melt butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Add chopped celery, garlic, and cayenne; stir 2 minutes. Add beans and 1/4 cup cooking liquid; cook until heated through, mashing beans coarsely, about 2 minutes. Add Crescenza cheese; stir until melted. Fold in crab mixture and 2 tablespoons parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to prepared baking dish. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill crab brandade uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake brandade uncovered until heated through and mixture begins to bubble at edges, about 30 minutes. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons parsley. Serve warm with toasted baguette slices. Crescenza cheese is a soft-ripened cow's-milk cheese traditionally made in Italy. Look for it at your local cheese store, or order it online from bellwethercheese.com or mozzco.com. Try a crisp California Chardonnay with the appetizers. We like the Cakebread Cellars 2007 Napa Valley Chardonnay $39). It's bright and fruity, with notes of lemon zest and pear. The Napa Valley winery, which was founded in 1973, is currently run by four members of the Cakebread family. Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade has 206.0 calories. Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade has 10.0 grams of protein. Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade has 16.0 grams of fat. Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade has 570.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Dungeness Crab and Heirloom Bean Brandade are 1 cup dried white heirloom beans (such as marrow beans) or Great Northern beans, 1 celery stalk, cut in half crosswise, plus 1/4 cup finely chopped celery, 1 carrot, peeled, 1 small onion, halved, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 8 ounces Dungeness crabmeat, picked over, 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated extra-sharp white cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces), 1/3 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 ounces Crescenza cheese or cream cheese (about 1/2 cup), 4 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided, Toasted baguette slices.Brandade is a salt cod puree from Provence. In this all-American take on the dish, an heirloom bean puree is mixed with Dungeness crab and two kinds of cheese.  Cheese Appetizer Christmas Thanksgiving High Fiber Oscars Cheddar Cream Cheese Seafood Crab Family Reunion Potluck Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.