Egg Noodle, Chard, and Fontina Torte recipe. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Grease pan with 2 teaspoons oil and wrap outside with foil. Cook chard in a 5- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a sieve set over a bowl. Reserve cooking water in pot. Press hard on chard to extract as much water as possible, then transfer to a cutting board and chop. Cook onion in 3 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in chard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and remove from heat. Cool chard mixture to warm. While chard cools, return cooking water to a boil and cook fettuccine, uncovered, until al dente. Drain pasta in a colander, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with remaining teaspoon oil. Blend together eggs, milk, mascarpone, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a blender until smooth. Stir chard and Fontina into pasta mixture, then stir in egg mixture. Pour into greased springform pan set in a large shallow baking pan to catch any drips). Pat down chard to make surface even if necessary. Bake until just set and top is golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Cool in springform pan on a rack 10 minutes, then run a small sharp knife around inside edge of pan to loosen torte. Remove side of pan and serve torte hot or warm. Egg Noodle, Chard, and Fontina Torte has 414.0 calories. Egg Noodle, Chard, and Fontina Torte has 20.0 grams of protein. Egg Noodle, Chard, and Fontina Torte has 29.0 grams of fat. Egg Noodle, Chard, and Fontina Torte has 998.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Egg Noodle, Chard, and Fontina Torte are 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 pounds green Swiss chard, stems and center ribs discarded, 1 large onion, halved lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 pound dried egg fettuccine, 8 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 2/3 cup mascarpone (5 ounces), 1/2 pound Italian Fontina, rind discarded and cheese cut into 1/2-inch cubes, Special equipment: a 9- to 9 1/2-inch (24-cm) springform pan.A savory take on noodle kugel, this beautiful dish is creamy on the inside with a golden-crisp crust. Using thin egg fettuccine rather than traditional short, wide egg noodles adds elegance.  Egg Pasta Brunch Bake Vegetarian Quick & Easy Lunch Chard Fontina Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.