Egg, Potato, and Prosciutto Pie recipe.  Put a baking sheet in middle of oven and preheat oven to 375°F. If dough is in 1 piece, cut in half. Roll out each piece into a 12-inch square on a lightly floured surface. Line a 9-inch square baking pan with 1 piece of dough, draping it slightly over sides. Stir together onions, oil, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and spread in an even layer over dough. Top with prosciutto. Peel potato and thinly slice about 1/8 inch thick), then arrange in one layer over prosciutto, overlapping slightly. Crack eggs on top of potatoes, gently arranging yolks so they don't touch one another. Season eggs with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Cut several slits in remaining pastry square and lay over top of pie, then crimp edge and trim. Bake until pastry is golden brown and puffed, 50 to 60 minutes. Egg, Potato, and Prosciutto Pie has 686.0 calories. Egg, Potato, and Prosciutto Pie has 25.0 grams of protein. Egg, Potato, and Prosciutto Pie has 44.0 grams of fat. Egg, Potato, and Prosciutto Pie has 908.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Egg, Potato, and Prosciutto Pie are 1 (1-pound) package frozen puff pastry, thawed, 2 medium onions, finely chopped (2 cups), 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 to 5 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 1 large boiling potato (10 to 12 ounces), 12 large eggs."Simple, simple, simple! Just throw it in the oven and jump in the shower." That's how food stylist Toni Brogan described this savory pie, a favorite in her native New Zealand. And it really is that easy—just line a pan with puff pastry, fill it up with onions, thinly sliced potatoes, and, in place of the usual bacon, prosciutto (left over from Ravioli with Green Beans and Prosciutto ), then crack some eggs on top and cover with more pastry. By the time everyone is out of the shower, the pie is ready to come out of the oven, all golden and flaky on the outside, layered with deliciousness on the inside. Though it's traditional to serve the pie with ketchup, we love it with some spicy chutney on the side.  Egg Onion Potato Breakfast Brunch Bake Easter Prosciutto Potluck Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Gourmet Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.