Eggplant Steaks with Salad of Roasted Peppers, Olives, Feta and Garbanzo Beans recipe. Char bell peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in bag; let stand 10 minutes. Peel and seed peppers. Cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Transfer to large bowl. Add beans, olives, cheese and chopped oregano; toss to combine. Season salad with salt and pepper. Whisk vinegar, garlic and soy sauce in small bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Preheat broiler. Cut six 1/2-inch-thick lengthwise slices from center of eggplant. Arrange eggplant on baking sheet. Brush both sides of eggplant with some of dressing. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Place 1 eggplant slice on each plate. Spoon salad over. Drizzle with dressing. Garnish with oregano. Serve with pita. Eggplant Steaks with Salad of Roasted Peppers, Olives, Feta and Garbanzo Beans has 367.0 calories. Eggplant Steaks with Salad of Roasted Peppers, Olives, Feta and Garbanzo Beans has 9.0 grams of protein. Eggplant Steaks with Salad of Roasted Peppers, Olives, Feta and Garbanzo Beans has 25.0 grams of fat. Eggplant Steaks with Salad of Roasted Peppers, Olives, Feta and Garbanzo Beans has 487.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Eggplant Steaks with Salad of Roasted Peppers, Olives, Feta and Garbanzo Beans are 2 large red bell peppers, 1/2 cup drained canned garbanzo beans (chickpeas), 1/2 cup brine-cured black olives (such as Kalamata), pitted, halved, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 1/2 cup olive oil, 1 1 1/2-pound eggplant, Fresh oregano sprigs, 4 6-inch-diameter pita breads, cut into wedges, lightly toasted.Thick slices of eggplant are topped with a salad of roasted red bell peppers, feta cheese, olives and garbanzo beans; then the salad is drizzled with a tangy balsamic dressing. It's nice with a Pinot Blanc or a Chardonnay. Pears poached in red wine and served with chocolate sauce and a glass of Sauternes make a lovely dessert.  Olive Broil Vegetarian High Fiber Feta Eggplant Chickpea Bell Pepper Oregano Bon Appétit.