Eggplant and Sun-dried Tomato Spread recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Cut off and discard top of garlic head to expose cloves. Brush top of head with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil. Wrap garlic in foil and roast until tender, about 45 minutes. Cool to warm, then squeeze garlic cloves from skins into a small bowl, discarding skins. Meanwhile, cut eggplant into 1/2-inch pieces and toss with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a large colander. Let drain 30 minutes. Squeeze eggplant in a kitchen towel to remove liquid. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté one third of eggplant until browned and tender, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Cook remaining eggplant in olive oil in same manner in 2 batches), transferring to bowl. Add 1 cup cooked eggplant to garlic and coarsely mash together. Stir into remaining eggplant with sun-dried tomatoes without tomato oil), parsley, basil, lemon juice, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper. Season with salt and drizzle with tomato oil. Artezin Mendocino
Zinfandel '07 or
Château de Chamirey
Mercurey Rouge '07 Eggplant and Sun-dried Tomato Spread has 264.0 calories. Eggplant and Sun-dried Tomato Spread has 2.0 grams of protein. Eggplant and Sun-dried Tomato Spread has 25.0 grams of fat. Eggplant and Sun-dried Tomato Spread has 6.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Eggplant and Sun-dried Tomato Spread are 1 head garlic, 6 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 2 1/2 pounds eggplant, 1/2 cup oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes (3 ounces), chopped, plus 2 tablespoons tomato oil, 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 cup chopped basil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Accompaniment: toasted baguette slices.A whole head of roasted garlic lays the foundation for an eggplant spread that's silky and satisfying, while chopped sun-dried tomatoes, fresh parsley, basil, and lemon add a healthy dose of sunshine, brightening its flavor and color. Serve it with thin slices of toasted baguette for a great take on crostini.  Tomato Vegetarian Quick & Easy Dinner Lunch Eggplant Healthy Potluck Gourmet Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.