El Jefe's Glove-Box Recado recipe.  Line a plate with a paper towel. Heat the oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the ancho chiles and fry, turning once, for about 1 minute on each side, until puffy and crispy. Be careful they do not to burn. Transfer the anchos to the paper-lined plate to drain. Repeat with the chipotle chiles. Let the chiles cool completely. Toast the oregano in a small, dry skillet over medium heat, shaking the pan frequently to prevent burning, for about 1 minute, until fragrant. Let cool completely. Transfer the ancho chiles to a spice grinder, grind to a powder, and transfer to a small bowl. Repeat with the chipotle chiles, followed by the oregano. If you cannot fit the chiles into your spice grinder, grind them in the food processor in the next step.) In a food processor, combine the garlic, salt, ground oregano, and ground chiles and process until the mix has a fine, grainy, sandy consistency similar to that of coffee grounds. If the mixture is damp, turn on the oven to the lowest setting, spread the mixture on a baking sheet, and place the pan in the oven until the mixture dries out, stirring it every 10 minutes. Alternatively, spread the mixture on the baking sheet and let it sit out overnight at room temperature, stirring it a few times. Use now or store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 month. El Jefe's Glove-Box Recado has 17.0 calories. El Jefe's Glove-Box Recado has 1.0 grams of fat. El Jefe's Glove-Box Recado has 2420.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of El Jefe's Glove-Box Recado are 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded, 3 dried chipotle chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano, 15 cloves garlic, chopped, 3/4 cup kosher salt.Like some sort of drug dealer, Joe (aka the big boss) has been known to keep a small plastic bag of this addictive Mexican spice rub in his glove box. And indeed, it's never a bad thing to have on hand. Although the recipe has a few steps to it, it's well worth the effort. At the restaurant, we use it to season everything from corn on the cob to chicken to our Spring booty taco. When cooking with it, just beware that it's quite salty. Also, it keeps for a long time, which means that you may want to make a double batch.  Sauce.