Falafel-Spiced Tomatoes and Chickpeas on Flatbread recipe. Combine garlic, sumac, red pepper flakes, coriander, cumin, and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Arrange tomato slices in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and sprinkle garlic mixture evenly over top. Let sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. Toss chickpeas and vinegar in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Mash chickpeas with a fork until about half are smashed. Add shallot, parsley, and oil and toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Combine cucumber, yogurt, mint, and parsley in a medium bowl; season with hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Let sit at room temperature at least 15 minutes. Yogurt sauce can be made 1 hour ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk salt, baking powder, sugar, and 2 cups flour in a large bowl. Add yogurt and stir to combine the yogurt's acidity ensures a tender texture). Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead until mostly smooth, about 1 minute. Divide into 4 pieces, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest 15 minutes this will make dough easier to roll). Working one at a time, roll out each piece of dough into a round about 1/8" thick. Don't stress: They don't need to be perfect.) Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium. Working one at a time, cook rounds of dough until underside is golden brown and flatbread is beginning to puff, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until other side is golden brown, about 1 minute longer; transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining oil and rounds of dough. Let cool slightly. Top each flatbread with yogurt sauce, chickpea mixture, and tomatoes. Drizzle with more oil and season well with salt and pepper. Falafel-Spiced Tomatoes and Chickpeas on Flatbread has 700.0 calories. Falafel-Spiced Tomatoes and Chickpeas on Flatbread has 20.0 grams of protein. Falafel-Spiced Tomatoes and Chickpeas on Flatbread has 31.0 grams of fat. Falafel-Spiced Tomatoes and Chickpeas on Flatbread has 1840.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Falafel-Spiced Tomatoes and Chickpeas on Flatbread are 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon sumac, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 2 large heirloom tomatoes, any color, thinly sliced, 1 (15.5–ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup parsley leaves with tender stems, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Persian cucumber, peeled, chopped, 3/4 cup plain yogurt, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, Flatbread and assembly, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface, 1 cup plain yogurt, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Freshly ground black pepper, Sumac, a tart, citrusy spice, can be found at Middle Eastern markets and specialty foods stores..To make this tomato-on bread revelation right this very minute, use a prepared flatbread like naan or pocketless pita.  Tomato Low Fat Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Yogurt High Fiber Lunch Cucumber Chickpea Spring Summer Healthy Bon Appétit Portland Oregon Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.