Family-Style Veal Roast recipe.  Mix 2 tablespoons garlic, 2 tablespoons rosemary, 1 tablespoon thyme and lemon peel in bowl. Rub over veal. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover; chill overnight. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat oil in heavy 8 1/2- to 10-quart pot over medium-high heat. Add veal; brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Using tongs, transfer veal to roasting pan. Add ribs and ham hocks to pot; brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to same pan. Add sausage to pot; sauté until brown, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to same pan. Add onions and 1 tablespoon garlic to pot. Sauté over low heat 5 minutes. Add carrots, broth, wine, bay leaves, caraway, 1 tablespoon rosemary and 1 tablespoon thyme. Bring to boil. Return meats to pot. Cover; bake until veal is tender, about 2 hours. Using slotted spoon, transfer meats and vegetables to large platter. Cut off string from veal. Slice veal; place on platter. Tent with foil. Boil juices in pot until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Spoon some juices over meat and vegetables. Serve, passing remaining juices separately. Family-Style Veal Roast has 1404.0 calories. Family-Style Veal Roast has 104.0 grams of protein. Family-Style Veal Roast has 99.0 grams of fat. Family-Style Veal Roast has 1524.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Family-Style Veal Roast are 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 3-pound boneless veal shoulder roast, rolled, tied, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds double-thick beef short ribs, 1 pound ham hocks, 1 pound fully cooked smoked sausage (such as kielbasa), cut diagonally, 2 onions, halved, thinly sliced, 4 carrots, peeled, cut into 2-inch-long pieces, 6 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 2 cups dry white wine, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds.The roast is cooked along with beef short ribs, ham hocks and sausage for a hearty meal. Offer with polenta, mashed potatoes or the Roasted Root Vegetables with Green Onions . Begin the veal the day before cooking to allow the garlic-herb rub to flavor the meat.  Garlic Herb Pork Braise Low Carb Beef Rib Veal Sausage White Wine Winter Bon Appétit.