Farmhouse Herbed Stuffing recipe.  In 12-inch, heavy skillet over moderate heat, heat butter until hot but not smoking. Stir in onion and celery, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Vegetables can be prepared up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. Reheat before continuing: In 12-inch, heavy skillet over moderately high heat, sauté, stirring often, until heated through, about 5 minutes.) Transfer to large bowl and add stuffing cubes, parsley, celery salt, sage, rosemary, thyme, salt, and pepper. Stir in 1 1/4 cups hot stock. If using to stuff turkey: Use immediately to fill cavities and spread remainder in baking dish as directed in recipe . If baking entire recipe as side dish: Preheat oven to 350°F and butter 3-quart casserole or 9- by 13-inch baking dish. Transfer stuffing to dish and drizzle with 1/2 cup hot stock. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until heated through, about 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is slightly crisp and golden, about 10 minutes longer. Serve immediately. Sausage and Sage Stuffing: In large, heavy skillet over moderate heat, sauté 1 pound bulk pork sausage, breaking up pieces with spoon, until meat shows no sign of pink, about 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to large bowl. Proceed with recipe, adding ingredients to bowl with sausage and substituting 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage for dried rosemary and sage. Dried Apricot and Pecan Stuffing: Dried fruit are better than fresh in stuffing because the latter get soggy with long baking. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread 1 1/2 cups 6 ounces) pecans on rimmed baking sheet and toast, stirring occasionally, until browned and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Cool and coarsely chop. In medium bowl, combine 1 1/2 cups diced dried apricots and hot water to cover. Soak until apricots plump, about 30 minutes, then drain well. Proceed with recipe, tossing apricots and pecans with other ingredients in large bowl. Farmhouse Herbed Stuffing has 239.0 calories. Farmhouse Herbed Stuffing has 7.0 grams of protein. Farmhouse Herbed Stuffing has 17.0 grams of fat. Farmhouse Herbed Stuffing has 363.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Farmhouse Herbed Stuffing are 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, 2 medium onions, cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 3 cups), 6 stalks celery with leaves, cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 2 1/2 cups), 1 (14-ounce) package seasoned bread stuffing cubes, 1/3 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon dried sage, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/4 cups hot Homemade Turkey Stock or canned turkey stock, plus 1/2 cup more if baking all of stuffing outside of turkey.The beauty of this American classic is its adaptability, as it can be almost endlessly enhanced. If you wish, use one of the variations below or experiment to create your own specialty.  Herb Side Thanksgiving Stuffing Dressing Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.