Feta Walnut Date Cigars recipe. Pulse cream cheese, feta, walnuts, and dates together in a food processor, stopping occasionally to scrape down side of bowl, until nuts are finely chopped and mixture is combined well. Quick-chill filling by freezing until cold to make it easier to handle), 15 to 20 minutes in freezer. Stack 8 sheets of phyllo and cut stack crosswise into 4 strips each about 12-by 4-inches), reserving remaining phyllo for another use. Stack phyllo strips, then place stack between sheets of wax paper or plastic wrap to keep phyllo from drying out) and cover with a kitchen towel to help keep the paper or plastic wrap in place). Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in the middle. Place 1 sheet of phyllo with a short end nearest you on a work surface keep remaining sheets covered) and brush with butter. Roll a scant tablespoon of filling between your hands into a 3-inch-long log and place log in center of phyllo sheet, parallel to short end. Fold phyllo in half, enclosing log, and brush with butter. Roll a scant tablespoon of filling between your hands into a 3-inch-long log and place log in center of phyllo sheet, parallel to short end. Fold phyllo in half, enclosing log, and brush with butter. Starting at log end, roll up pastry to resemble a cigar. Transfer, seam side down, to a lightly buttered baking sheet. Make more rolls, leaving 1/2-inch of space between cigars on baking sheet. Bake until phyllo is golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Feta Walnut Date Cigars has 120.0 calories. Feta Walnut Date Cigars has 2.0 grams of protein. Feta Walnut Date Cigars has 8.0 grams of fat. Feta Walnut Date Cigars has 137.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Feta Walnut Date Cigars are 6 ounces cream cheese, cut into pieces, 6 ounces crumbled feta (1 cup plus 2 tablespoons; patted dry if wet), 2/3 cup walnut pieces, 1/2 cup chopped pitted dates, 1 (1 pound) package phyllo dough (roughly 17- by 12-inch sheets), thawed if frozen, 1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter (preferably European-style), melted and cooled slightly.If these whimsical hors d'oeuvres taste somewhat familiar to you it's because they happen to be a fancified take on bourek, Turkish feta-stuffed phyllo rolls. Here, those familiar flavors not only echo ingredients of Turkish cuisine, but are also reminiscent of walnut-date bread with cream cheese: a delicious American classic. For more seasonal recipes, download the free Gourmet Live app and stay tuned to the Gourmet Live blog for the latest updates.  Appetizer Christmas Cocktail Party Thanksgiving Cream Cheese Feta Date Walnut Christmas Eve Party Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.