Feta, Spinach, and Basil Omelette Muffins recipe.  Preheat the oven to 325°F. Grease 8 holes of a muffin tin with the spray or sunflower oil and set aside. Put the eggs, tomato, spinach, nutmeg and salt just a little bit as the feta is very salty) and
pepper into a large jug and whisk together until combined. Divide the mixture evenly among the 8
muffin  holes and then sprinkle over the feta cheese. Bake in the oven for about 20 minutes or until the muffins have risen slightly, are firm to the
touch and lightly golden. Then, remove from the oven and leave to cool a little. Place the salad leaves on a large serving plate. Whisk the oil and vinegar together in a small bowl
or mug with a little salt and pepper and pour over the leaves. Using a small, sharp knife, loosen the edges of each muffin from the tin and carefully pop them
out. Arrange them on top of the salad leaves. Rip up the basil leaves, scatter them over the top, and
serve. Feta, Spinach, and Basil Omelette Muffins has 149.0 calories. Feta, Spinach, and Basil Omelette Muffins has 8.0 grams of protein. Feta, Spinach, and Basil Omelette Muffins has 12.0 grams of fat. Feta, Spinach, and Basil Omelette Muffins has 163.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Feta, Spinach, and Basil Omelette Muffins are Cooking spray or sunflower oil, for greasing, 8 free-range eggs, 8 sun-dried tomatoes, drained well and roughly chopped, Large handful of baby spinach, roughly chopped (about 2 Tablespoons), Good pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 1/2 cup feta cheese, roughly broken into bite-sized pieces, A few fresh basil leaves, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup arugula, watercress, or mixed salad leaves, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.I like to make things in my cupcake tray that are not cupcakes. Often. And these quasi-muffin
omelettes are one of my favorite. A good thing to do is to make a whole load and store them in the
fridge for lunches, brunches, and snacks for the family to enjoy without having to make them fresh each time. They will keep for a couple of days in the fridge.  HarperCollins Brunch Breakfast Omelet Muffin Spinach Arugula Egg Tomato Feta Quick and Healthy Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.