Fettucine with Chicken and Bell Pepper Cream Sauce recipe. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and cook until brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to plate. Add green and red bell peppers and onion to same skillet and sauté until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add minced garlic and crushed red pepper to skillet and sauté 4 minutes. Add whipping cream and chicken stock. Simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 8 minutes. Cut chicken into strips and add to sauce. Simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 2 minutes. Add basil and 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese to sauce, stirring to incorporate. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain and return to pot. Add sauce and toss to coat. Serve, passing additional Parmesan separately. Fettucine with Chicken and Bell Pepper Cream Sauce has 632.0 calories. Fettucine with Chicken and Bell Pepper Cream Sauce has 28.0 grams of protein. Fettucine with Chicken and Bell Pepper Cream Sauce has 35.0 grams of fat. Fettucine with Chicken and Bell Pepper Cream Sauce has 274.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fettucine with Chicken and Bell Pepper Cream Sauce are 12 ounces skinless boneless chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 large green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 1/2 cups whipping cream, 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil, 1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 8 ounces fettuccine, Additional grated Parmesan cheese."While vacationing in northeastern Minnesota, I had dinner at the Cove Point Lodge in Beaver Bay. The highlight of my meal there was called Lucca pasta, a blend of fettuccine, chicken and vegetables in a creamy, slightly spicy sauce," says Debra Adam of St. Paul, Minnesota.  Milk Cream Chicken Pasta Sauté Basil Bell Pepper Summer Bon Appétit.