Fettucine Carbonara with Fried Eggs recipe. Whisk 4 eggs, both cheeses, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in medium bowl; set aside. Cook pancetta in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 7 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to small bowl. Reserve skillet with drippings. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until almost tender about 3 minutes less than package directions); add broccoli rabe. Cook just until broccoli rabe is crisptender and pasta is tender, about 3 minutes longer. Drain pasta-broccoli rabe mixture, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Return hot pasta-broccoli rabe mixture to pot off heat). Immediately add egg-cheese mixture, pancetta, and 1/4 cup hot cooking liquid; toss to combine, adding more cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls to moisten as needed. Season to taste with salt and more pepper, if desired. Cover to keep warm. Heat skillet with drippings over medium heat. Crack remaining 4 eggs into skillet; sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until whites are opaque, about 2 minutes. Carefully turn eggs over; cook just until whites are set but yolks are still soft, about 1 minute longer. Remove from heat. Top pasta with eggs and serve. A vegetable with clusters of tiny broccoli-like florets; available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores. Fettucine Carbonara with Fried Eggs has 732.0 calories. Fettucine Carbonara with Fried Eggs has 42.0 grams of protein. Fettucine Carbonara with Fried Eggs has 33.0 grams of fat. Fettucine Carbonara with Fried Eggs has 802.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fettucine Carbonara with Fried Eggs are 8 large eggs, 2/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/3 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta (Italian bacon), finely chopped, 12 ounces egg fettuccine, 1 medium bunch broccoli rabe rapini),* cut into 1/2-inch pieces.The fried eggs add extra unctuousness to a clever carbonara.  Egg Pasta Father's Day Dinner Parmesan Bacon Broccoli Rabe Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.