Fettuccine with Tomatoes, Bacon, Arugula and Goat Cheese recipe.  Combine tomatoes and vinegar in large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand until tomatoes release their juice, about 15 minutes. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add bacon; cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels. Add leeks to same skillet and sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add garlic, rosemary and crushed red pepper; sauté 1 minute. Add tomato mixture and cooked bacon. Simmer until tomatoes are heated through, about 4 minutes. Add arugula and simmer until wilted, about 1 minute. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, about 3 minutes. Drain. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Add goat cheese, 6 tablespoons Parmesan cheese and tomato mixture. Toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Serve, passing additional Parmesan separately. Fettuccine with Tomatoes, Bacon, Arugula and Goat Cheese has 616.0 calories. Fettuccine with Tomatoes, Bacon, Arugula and Goat Cheese has 26.0 grams of protein. Fettuccine with Tomatoes, Bacon, Arugula and Goat Cheese has 31.0 grams of fat. Fettuccine with Tomatoes, Bacon, Arugula and Goat Cheese has 561.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fettuccine with Tomatoes, Bacon, Arugula and Goat Cheese are 2 1/2 pounds plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped (about 5 cups), 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 thick bacon slices, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 5 cups coarsely chopped fresh arugula (about 6 ounces), 2 9-ounce packages fresh fettuccine, 6 ounces soft fresh goat cheese , crumbled, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Additional grated Parmesan cheese.Spicy crushed red pepper, rosemary and garlic enhance this main course. Uncork an Italian Barbera to match the menu's hearty flavors. For dessert, offer a compote of blueberries and sliced nectarines with crème fraîche (available at many supermarkets) or lightly whipped cream.  Pasta Tomato Sauté Goat Cheese Bacon Arugula Summer Bon Appétit.