Fettuccine with Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels recipe.  Melt 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add breadcrumbs; sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Mix in 3 tablespoons basil and thyme. Remove from heat. Combine mussels and 1 cup water in large pot. Cover; boil until mussels open, about 7 minutes discard any mussels that do not open). Using tongs, transfer mussels to bowl. Tent with foil. Strain cooking liquid into small bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add vegetables and sauté until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter with 2 tablespoons oil in same skillet. Add garlic; sauté 30 seconds. Add shrimp, scallops and 1/2 cup basil and sauté 3 minutes. Add mussel cooking liquid; simmer until shellfish are cook through, about 3 minutes. Add vegetables; stir to heat through. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Pour vegetables and shellfish over pasta; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup basil. Top with mussels and breadcrumbs. Fettuccine with Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels has 962.0 calories. Fettuccine with Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels has 50.0 grams of protein. Fettuccine with Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels has 28.0 grams of fat. Fettuccine with Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels has 1178.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fettuccine with Shrimp, Scallops and Mussels are 3 1/2 tablespoons butter, 1 1/2 cups fresh white breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons plus 1 cup chopped fresh basil, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed, debearded, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 zucchini, halved lengthwise, slice crosswise, 1 yellow summer squash, halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise, 1 red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 8 ounces uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, 8 ounces sea scallops, 1 pound fettuccine.An entrée from Bar Italia, St. Louis, Missouri. Herbed breadcrumbs top it off nicely.  Pasta Sauté Steam Basil Mussel Scallop Shrimp Thyme Bon Appétit.