Fettucine with Peas, Asparagus, and Pancetta recipe. Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot. Meanwhile, cook pancetta in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer pancetta to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 1 teaspoon drippings from skillet. Add asparagus to drippings in skillet; sauté 3 minutes. Add peas, white and pale green parts of green onions, and garlic; sauté until vegetables are just tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vegetable mixture, 1/4 cup pasta cooking liquid, dark green parts of green onions, 1/2 cup Parmesan, cream, olive oil, lemon juice, lemon peel, half of parsley, and half of basil to pasta. Toss, adding more cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls if needed. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Transfer to large bowl. Sprinkle pancetta, remaining parsley, and basil over. Serve, passing additional Parmesan cheese. The ingredients of Fettucine with Peas, Asparagus, and Pancetta are 12 ounces fettuccine or penne, 3 ounces pancetta or bacon, chopped, 1 1/4 pounds asparagus, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 1-inch pieces, 2 cups shelled fresh green peas, blanched 1 minute in boiling water, drained, or frozen peas (do not thaw), 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, white and pale green parts separated from dark green parts, 2 garlic cloves, pressed, 1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving, 1/3 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel, 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided, 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil, divided.Pancetta (Italian bacon) is available in the deli section of many markets.  Milk Cream Pasta Quick & Easy High Fiber Dinner Parmesan Bacon Asparagus Pea Spring Family Reunion Potluck Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.