Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries recipe.  Heat the oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the flour, butter, blue cheese, and a few grinds of black pepper in the bowl of a food processor and process until the dough just comes together and starts to form a ball. Dump the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times to pull it together. Then roll out to a 1/8-inch-thick circle with a floured rolling pin. Cut rounds out of the dough with a floured 1-inch round cutter and transfer to the parchment-lined baking sheet. Reroll the scraps no more than once) and cut more rounds. Using the back of a rounded 1/2-teaspoon measure or your knuckle, make an indentation in the center of each dough round. Spoon about 1/4 teaspoon of the fig preserves into each indentation, using your finger to push the preserves as best as possible into the indentation. Bake the savouries until the preserves are bubbling and the pastry is light golden on the bottom, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet for at least 10 minutes, then remove to a wire rack to finish cooling. Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries has 51.0 calories. Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries has 1.0 grams of protein. Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries has 4.0 grams of fat. Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries has 37.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fig and Blue Cheese Savouries are 1 cup all-purpose flour, 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, Freshly ground black pepper, About 3 tablespoons fig preserves.WHO: TheRunawaySpoon is based in Memphis, Tennessee, and blogs at www.therunawayspoon.com. She wrote, "I think I am like most people: somewhere in the middle between food snob and food schlub. Just being in the kitchen makes me happy.".  Food Processor Appetizer Bake Christmas Cocktail Party Thanksgiving Valentine's Day Quick & Easy Oscars Wedding New Year's Eve Blue Cheese Fig Anniversary Birthday Shower Christmas Eve Engagement Party Party Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.