Figs with Honey-Yogurt Cream recipe.  Using vegetable peeler, cut off peel from 2 oranges orange part only) and from 1 lemon yellow part only). Place peels in heavy large saucepan. Juice oranges and lemons. Add 1 cup orange juice and 1/4 cup lemon juice to same pan reserve any remaining juices for another use). Add red Zinfandel, sugar, honey, and spices and bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add dried figs; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until figs are tender and mixture is reduced to 3 1/2 cups, about 1 hour. Transfer to bowl; cover and chill at least 6 hours. Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Whisk plain whole-milk yogurt and orange blossom honey in medium bowl to blend; set aside. Place 1/4 cup chilled whipping cream in small cup; sprinkle unflavored gelatin over. Let stand until gelatin softens and absorbs all of whipping cream, about 15 minutes. Bring 1/2 cup whipping cream to simmer in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add softened gelatin mixture and stir until gelatin dissolves completely, about 1 minute do not boil). Remove from heat. Gradually stir in remaining 3/4 cup whipping cream. Whisk cream mixture into yogurt mixture. Divide yogurt-cream mixture among six 3/4-cup custard cups or ramekins. Refrigerate yogurt creams until set, at least 4 hours. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and keep yogurt creams refrigerated.) Cut around yogurt creams to loosen. Turn out onto plates; surround with figs and syrup and serve. Figs with Honey-Yogurt Cream has 528.0 calories. Figs with Honey-Yogurt Cream has 5.0 grams of protein. Figs with Honey-Yogurt Cream has 12.0 grams of fat. Figs with Honey-Yogurt Cream has 43.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Figs with Honey-Yogurt Cream are 3 oranges, 2 lemons, 1 750-ml bottle red Zinfandel, 3/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup honey, 2 cinnamon sticks, 10 whole cloves, 1/2 teaspoon aniseed, 12 ounces dried Calimyrna figs, stemmed, quartered (about 2 cups), 1 1/2 cups plain whole-milk yogurt (preferably organic), 1/3 cup orange blossom honey, 1 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin.Greece.  Dessert Yogurt Fig Summer Honey Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.