Fish Cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce recipe.  Sprinkle halibut fillets with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add halibut fillets and sauté until just opaque in center, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to plate; cool. Wipe skillet with paper towels. Flake halibut fillets into large bowl. Mix in green onions, sardines, chopped fresh parsley, flour, garlic, and lemon peel. Mix in 1 cup breadcrumbs. Season with salt and pepper; mix in egg. Shape into six 3-inch-diameter cakes. Transfer remaining 1 1/2 cups breadcrumbs to bowl. Coat fish cakes with breadcrumbs, pressing to adhere. Heat remaining 4 tablespoons oil in reserved skillet over medium-high heat. Add fish cakes and cook until brown and crisp, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer to plates; serve fish cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce. Fish Cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce has 401.0 calories. Fish Cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce has 22.0 grams of protein. Fish Cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce has 18.0 grams of fat. Fish Cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce has 402.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fish Cakes with Caper-Parsley Sauce are 1 pound 1-inch-thick halibut fillets, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped green onions, 3 drained canned sardines, chopped (about 2 tablespoons), 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 2 1/2 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread, 1 large egg, Caper-Parsley Sauce."I grew up in the middle of Croatia, near Zagreb, where the cuisine is very heavy — lots of meat and potatoes," writes Snjezana Hercigonja of Raleigh, North Carolina. "But when I was young, it was customary to vacation on the Mediterranean coast in the summer, where you go to the market every day to see what's good, and everything is really fresh and light. Even the fat is good, since it's usually olive oil. This recipe is based on dishes from that region.".  Fish Appetizer Fry Dinner Lunch Halibut Summer Winter Pan-Fry Party Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.