French Toast BLT with Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette recipe.  Preheat the oven to 350°F. Place the bacon on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Leave the oven on. Combine the heavy cream and eggs in a bowl and whisk to thoroughly blend. Season the mixture with salt and pepper to taste. Soak the bread in the mixture for 15 minutes, then turn the slices over and soak for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Place a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the canola oil. Once the oil is hot it will shimmer slightly), fry the challah slices on each side until golden brown, working in batches. Transfer the challah to a baking sheet and place in the oven. Bake until the custard is cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes; the bread should soufflé, or puff up. Remove from the oven, cover each slice with grated cheese, and return the pan to the oven to melt the cheese. Once the cheese is melted, about 4 minutes, remove from the oven. Put 2 slices bacon and 2 slices tomato on each slice of challah and drizzle with some of the vinaigrette. Toss the arugula with the remaining dressing or enough to coat) and place atop each piece. Serve warm. French Toast BLT with Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette has 793.0 calories. French Toast BLT with Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette has 31.0 grams of protein. French Toast BLT with Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette has 64.0 grams of fat. French Toast BLT with Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette has 939.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of French Toast BLT with Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette are 12 thick slices smoked bacon, 2 cups heavy cream, 5 large eggs, coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices challah bread, at least 1 inch thick, 2 tbsp canola oil, 2 1/2 cups grated Gruyère cheese, 12 slices ripe tomatoes (about 3 small), 6 cups arugula, cleaned, Roasted-Garlic Vinaigrette.This combination of two all-time favorites is based on our New Orleans—style egg-soaked-and-fried pain perdu, or "lost bread," a traditional method used to reclaim bread that was growing stale. I use fresh challah—thickly sliced or it will fall apart during the soak—because it has a rich sweetness but airy texture from being kneaded. The long soak creates a custard that cooks into the bread so it puffs up in the oven after getting a crisp crust in the frying pan. That's your base, topped with the saltiness and smokiness of bacon with a good cure, ripe tomato, and peppery arugula.  Egg Tomato Vegetable Breakfast Brunch Bake Father's Day Meat Bacon Summer Advance Prep Required Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.