French Spiced Bread recipe.  Preheat oven to 325°F. Grease loaf pans with melted butter. Toast almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once or twice, until golden brown and fragrant, 6–8 minutes. Coarsely chop zest, apricots, plums, and toasted almonds. Transfer to a small bowl. Bring honey, milk, salt, cinnamon, and star anise to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Meanwhile, whisk flour, baking powder, spice mix, and baking soda in a large bowl. Strain honey mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into dry ingredients and whisk to combine. Add eggs and whisk until incorporated. Using a spatula, quickly fold in zest mixture. Divide dough between prepared pans, filling each about three-quarters full. Bake bread until tops are golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 35–40 minutes. Let bread cool 10 minutes in pan, then carefully remove from pan and transfer to a wire rack. Bread can be made 5 days ahead. Tightly wrap and store at room temperature, or freeze up to 1 month. French Spiced Bread has 366.0 calories. French Spiced Bread has 9.0 grams of protein. French Spiced Bread has 5.0 grams of fat. French Spiced Bread has 667.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of French Spiced Bread are 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 1/2 cup whole almonds, 1/2 cup store-bought or homemade candied orange peel, 1/2 cup dried apricots, 1/2 cup dried plums, 2 cups honey, 1 1/4 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 6 (3") cinnamon sticks, 3 star anise pods, 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Reims N.39 spice mix, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 large eggs, 2 (9x5") loaf pans.Kamel Saci, head baker at New York's Il Buco Alimentari, flavors his pain d'épices, a classic French spiced bread, with a vibrant spice mixture of star anise, ginger, and cinnamon from spice blender La Boîte. It's great for a sweet toast in the morning, or it can be sliced thinly and served with pâté for a pretty party appetizer.  Dessert Cake Bread Christmas Kid-Friendly Bake Almond Dried Fruit Cinnamon Party Ginger Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.