French Lentil, Prosciutto, and Pepper Salad recipe. In a medium sauté pan or frying pan, heat the 1 tbsp olive oil over medium heat until shimmering. Add the prosciutto and sauté until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the shallots and sauté until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the carrots and bell pepper/capsicum and sauté for 5 minutes, or until crisp-tender. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the lentils with at least 4 cups/960 ml salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook until the lentils are just tender, about 30 minutes. Drain, then transfer to a large bowl. Add the prosciutto mixture, along with the parsley and thyme; toss to combine. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and mustard. Gradually whisk in the 1/3 cup/75 ml olive oil until emulsified. Add the salt and pepper. Toss the lentil salad with the dressing. Taste and adjust the seasoning. French Lentil, Prosciutto, and Pepper Salad has 425.0 calories. French Lentil, Prosciutto, and Pepper Salad has 22.0 grams of protein. French Lentil, Prosciutto, and Pepper Salad has 16.0 grams of fat. French Lentil, Prosciutto, and Pepper Salad has 651.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of French Lentil, Prosciutto, and Pepper Salad are 1/3 cup/75 ml extra-virgin olive oil, plus 1 tbsp, 6 paper-thin slices prosciutto di Parma, finely chopped, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1/2 cup/140 g finely diced carrots, 1/2 cup/140 g finely diced red bell pepper/capsicum, 2 cups/400 g green French lentils, rinsed and drained, 1/4 cup/10 g finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 tsp finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tbsp red wine vinegar, 1 tbsp Dijon mustard, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp freshly ground pepper.I adore lentils, particularly the green French variety, as well as the little black ones, sometimes known as beluga lentils because of their resemblance to caviar. Both of these types hold their shape better than the typical brown lentil, and their nutty texture and flavor are divine. This is my favorite fall salad, made a bit indulgent with the addition of prosciutto. I first made this for an autumnal baby shower, and it was a major hit. The earthiness of the lentils and prosciutto plays wonderfully off the color and sweetness of autumn's bounty of peppers. This salad works equally well with meat, chicken, or fish. Best of all, it can be served at room temperature, and tastes even better the next day. So, make the salad the day before, heat up the grill, pop a few corks, and enjoy the sunshine!.  Salad Herb Appetizer Side Lunch Ham Legume Lentil Bell Pepper Root Vegetable Carrot Winter Prosciutto Parsley Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.