French Toast Fingers With Chocolate Hazelnut Spread and Blueberries recipe. Preheat oven to 325°F 175°C). Put the cream, honey, butter, orange zest and vanilla bean in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, stirring, and remove from the heat. Put the eggs and sugar in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Pour the hot cream mixture over the egg mixture and whisk to combine. Using a bread knife, cut the crust off the brioche loaf to create a square log. Slice the loaf in half lengthways. Spread both halves with chocolate hazelnut spread, like you’re making a big sandwich, then add the blueberries to the middle and close the sandwich. Soak the brioche loaf in the warm egg custard for 10 minutes, or until it’s well soaked. Put coconut oil in a medium pan over medium heat and cook the brioche loaf until it’s golden brown all over, then finish in the oven for 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and slice into fingers. French Toast Fingers With Chocolate Hazelnut Spread and Blueberries has 635.0 calories. French Toast Fingers With Chocolate Hazelnut Spread and Blueberries has 14.0 grams of protein. French Toast Fingers With Chocolate Hazelnut Spread and Blueberries has 30.0 grams of fat. French Toast Fingers With Chocolate Hazelnut Spread and Blueberries has 379.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of French Toast Fingers With Chocolate Hazelnut Spread and Blueberries are 2 cups half and half (500 mililiters), 1 tablespoon honey, 1/2 ounce butter (15 grams) butter, Zest of 1 orange, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 4 eggs, 5 1/2 ounces caster (superfine) sugar (150 grams), 1 brioche loaf, 2 tablespoons homemade chocolate hazelnut spread, 1 cup blueberries (9 1/2 ounces/270 grams), 1 1/2 fluid ounces coconut oil (50 milliliters).WARNING: This French toast is wickedly indulgent. Enjoy it for breakfast on special occasions, although it’s probably better suited to a decadent dessert. Either way, it’s freaking tasty!.  HarperCollins Brunch Bread Orange Chocolate Hazelnut Blueberry Dessert Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.