Fresh Corn Soup Topped with Roasted Corn Guacamole recipe. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Prepare a baking sheet by lining it with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Put the corn kernels on the baking sheet and toss with the oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste. Spread the corn out evenly on the baking sheet and roast for 20 minutes, until the corn turns a golden brown. It may seem that you have left the corn in the oven for too long, but you want the corn to caramelize and get a little crunchy. Remove the corn from the oven and set aside. Put the kernels fresh or frozen and defrosted) in a blender. Combine the oil and the garlic in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion and jalapeño. Season with salt and pepper and sauté until the vegetables are soft and translucent, about 6 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to the blender and puree until smooth. You may need to pulse or stir the corn mixture in order to achieve a smooth consistency, but do not add any more liquid.) Pour the corn puree into the soup pot and place over medium heat. Stir constantly for a few minutes, until the soup begins to thicken. Slowly whisk or stir in the chicken broth. Bring to a boil, decrease the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook for 15 minutes. In a bowl, combine the roasted corn, red onion, cilantro, lime zest and juice, and jalapeño. Gently stir in the avocado. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into soup bowls. Place a generous spoonful of the guacamole in the center of each bowl. Garnish with a small sprig of cilantro placed in the center of each. Fresh Corn Soup Topped with Roasted Corn Guacamole has 374.0 calories. Fresh Corn Soup Topped with Roasted Corn Guacamole has 10.0 grams of protein. Fresh Corn Soup Topped with Roasted Corn Guacamole has 21.0 grams of fat. Fresh Corn Soup Topped with Roasted Corn Guacamole has 1324.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fresh Corn Soup Topped with Roasted Corn Guacamole are Kernels from 3 ears fresh corn, or 2 cups frozen corn, defrosted, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 1 lime, finely grated zest and juice, 1 jalapeño, stemmed and seeded, finely chopped, 1 avocado, pitted and chopped, Kernels from 5 ears fresh corn, or 3 cups frozen corn, defrosted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1/2 red onion, chopped, 1 jalapeño, stemmed and chopped, Salt and black pepper, 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, Cilantro sprigs, to garnish.I really love this soup. The flavors will remind you of corn chowder, but the texture is much lighter. The soup is bright and fresh and can be made year-round since it tastes just as good when using frozen corn as it does when using fresh.  Soup Stew Blender Vegetable Roast Cinco de Mayo Dinner Avocado Corn Spring Summer Party Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.