Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple recipe.  Prepare a Simple Syrup
Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan set over medium heat. Stir until the sugar has completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow the syrup to cool. Add the Lime Juice and Freeze
Pour the simple syrup and lime juice in a 9 by 11-inch nonreactive baking pan and stir in the lime zest. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and place in the freezer. After 1 hour, stir the mixture well, using a fork. Return to the freezer for another hour, then stir again. Allow the mixture to freeze for at least 6 hours or overnight it is not necessary to continue stirring after you have done it twice). Serve
Remove the pan from the freezer and allow it to sit at room temperature for about 5 minutes. Using a fork, scrape the fruit ice and serve it in a small bowl. Prepare a Simple Syrup
Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan set over medium heat. Stir until the sugar has completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow the syrup to cool. Puree the Watermelon and Freeze
Puree the watermelon chunks it is fine if small seeds are still attached) in a blender until smooth. Pour the simple syrup, lime juice, and watermelon puree in a 9 by 11-inch nonreactive baking pan and stir well. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and place in the freezer. After 1 hour, stir the mixture well, using a fork. Return to the freezer for another hour, then stir again. This time allow the mixture to freeze for at least 6 hours or overnight it is not necessary to continue stirring after you have done it twice). Serve
Remove the pan from the freezer and allow it to sit at room temperature for about 5 minutes. Using a fork, scrape the fruit ice and serve it in a small bowl. Prepare a Simple Syrup
Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan set over medium heat. Stir until the sugar has completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow the syrup to cool. Puree the Pineapple and Freeze
Puree the pineapple chunks in a blender until smooth. Pour the simple syrup and pineapple puree in a 9 by 11-inch nonreactive baking pan and stir well. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and place in the freezer. After 1 hour, stir the mixture well using a fork. Return to the freezer for another hour, then stir again. This time allow the mixture to freeze for at least 6 hours or overnight it is not necessary to continue stirring after you have done it twice). Serve
Remove the pan from the freezer and allow it to sit at room temperature for about 5 minutes. Using a fork, scrape the fruit ice and serve it in a small bowl. Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple has 338.0 calories. Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple has 2.0 grams of protein. Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple has 1.0 grams of fat. Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple has 33.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fresh Fruit Ice Trio: Lime, Watermelon & Pineapple are 3/4 cup sugar, 2 1/4 cups water, 1/2 cup fresh lime juice (about 6 limes), Finely grated zest of 3 limes, 1/4 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 4 cups chopped seedless watermelon (about 3 pounds whole fruit), rind removed, Juice of 1 lime, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, chopped (about 3 cups).Street vendors throughout Mexico's beach towns sell cold fresh fruit served in a plastic bag with bits of ice in it to keep the fruit chilled. This dessert is as take on that, as well as a refreshing end to any meal. Feel free to experiment by pouring a bit of tequila over the ice to create an instant margarita.  Citrus Fruit Dessert Cocktail Party Fourth of July Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Cinco de Mayo Father's Day Backyard BBQ Frozen Dessert Lime Melon Watermelon Tropical Fruit Pineapple Summer Birthday Family Reunion Shower Vegan Party Fat Free Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.