Fricassee of Game Hen with Creamy Leeks and Vadoum recipe. Heat oil in a heavy medium pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Cook backbones and wing tips until well browned on all sides. Add water and bring to a boil, skimming froth occasionally. Add remaining ingredients and boil, uncovered, 30 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean saucepan, pressing on and then discarding solids. Boil stock until reduced to about 2 cups. Pat hens dry and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in a deep 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Brown hens in batches without crowding), turning once, about 8 minutes per batch. Transfer to a plate. Halve white and pale green parts of leeks lengthwise, then cut into 1-inch pieces and wash. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet, then cook leeks with 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally and scraping up brown bits, until leeks begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add wine and bring to a boil. Stir in stock, cream, and vadouvan. Nestle hens, skin sides up, into leeks. Cover with a round of parchment paper. Gently simmer 10 minutes. Remove parchment and simmer until hens are cooked through, about 10 minutes more. Transfer hens to a platter and simmer sauce to thicken slightly if desired. Fricassee of Game Hen with Creamy Leeks and Vadoum has 1074.0 calories. Fricassee of Game Hen with Creamy Leeks and Vadoum has 72.0 grams of protein. Fricassee of Game Hen with Creamy Leeks and Vadoum has 70.0 grams of fat. Fricassee of Game Hen with Creamy Leeks and Vadoum has 351.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fricassee of Game Hen with Creamy Leeks and Vadoum are 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Backbones and wing tips from 3 Cornish hens, 6 cups cold water, 3 cups chopped reserved leek greens (see below), 1 medium carrot, finely chopped, 1 celery rib, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 3 large thyme sprigs, 1 whole clove, 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf, 1/8 teaspoon black peppercorns, 3 Cornish hens, quartered, backbones and wing tips removed with kitchen shears, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 leeks (about 3 pounds), greens reserved for stock, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 2/3 cup heavy cream, 1/4 cup <epi recipelink="" id="243607">vadouvan</epi>.This fricassee couldn't be more French, but its velvety sauce carries the flavor of vadouvan, a South Indian spice blend that has started to crop up on Parisian menus. We find it irresistible.  Milk Cream Garlic Poultry Dinner Leek White Wine Thyme Clove Gourmet Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.