Fricassée of Beef and Fava Beans recipe. Cook fresh fava beans in large pot of boiling salted water 2 minutes. Drain favas. Place in large bowl of ice water. Drain. Slip outer skin off each bean and discard skin; place beans in large bowl. If using frozen beans, do not blanch.) Melt 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Working in batches, add beef and sauté just until browned on both sides, about 2 minutes. Transfer beef to medium bowl. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter with 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until tender and golden, about 15 minutes. Add fava beans; sauté 5 minutes. Remove from heat; cool 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk whipping cream, lemon juice, egg yolks, salt, and pepper in small bowl to blend. Stir cream mixture into fava bean mixture. Cook over medium-low heat just until sauce thickens slightly and mixture is heated through, about 6 minutes do not boil). Add beef and stir until heated through, about 3 minutes. Transfer fricassee to rimmed platter. Sprinkle with mint. Fricassée of Beef and Fava Beans has 757.0 calories. Fricassée of Beef and Fava Beans has 54.0 grams of protein. Fricassée of Beef and Fava Beans has 36.0 grams of fat. Fricassée of Beef and Fava Beans has 936.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fricassée of Beef and Fava Beans are 5 pounds fresh fava beans, shelled, or 5 cups frozen double-peeled fava beans (from two 16-ounce packages), thawed, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 1 1/2-pound piece beef tenderloin, cut in half lengthwise, then crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint.A fusion of flavors and technique from two cuisines makes this main course taste new. The cooking method is based on an Italian fricassea made with egg yolks and cream; the combination of favas and mint is Middle Eastern. The resulting dish is absolutely delicious. Serve with plenty of crusty bread to mop up the sauce.  Milk Cream Bean Beef Egg Onion Sauté Lemon Mint Winter Bon Appétit.