Fried Quesadillas with Two Fillings recipe. Cook onion in butter in a medium nonstick skillet over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Pulse mushrooms in a food processor until coarsely chopped and add to onion along with epazote and salt. Cook over moderate heat, stirring, until mushrooms are softened and any liquid is evaporated, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat and cool filling completely. Stir together masa harina, salt, and warm water in a large bowl with a wooden spoon until it forms a dough. Knead dough in bowl with heel of your hand 1 to 2 minutes. Pinch off small pieces of dough and roll into about 40 scant 1-inch) balls. Transfer balls as formed to a plastic-wrap–lined tray and cover with more plastic wrap. Cut 2 5-inch) squares from a small plastic bag and use 1 to line lower half of tortilla press. Put a ball of dough in tortilla press and top with second square of plastic. Close tortilla press, pushing gently on lever to flatten dough to a 2 1/2- to 3-inch round. If press doesn’t flatten evenly, rotate tortilla 180 degrees and gently flatten again. Alternatively, use rolling pin to flatten dough between squares of plastic.) Remove top square of plastic and put 1 teaspoon mushroom filling, or about 1 teaspoon crumbled queso fresco with 1/2 teaspoon crema and a piece of squash blossom, in center of round. Fold round, still in plastic, over filling to form a half-moon and pinch edges together to seal. Gently peel off plastic, then transfer quesadilla to another plastic-wrap–lined tray and cover with a second sheet of plastic wrap. Repeat with remaining dough, making about 20 quesadillas of each filling. Heat 1 inch of oil in a deep 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until deep-fat thermometer registers 375°F, then deep-fry quesadillas in batches of 6 to 8, turning once or twice, until golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and return oil to 375°F before adding next batch. Serve quesadillas immediately. Fried Quesadillas with Two Fillings has 64.0 calories. Fried Quesadillas with Two Fillings has 1.0 grams of protein. Fried Quesadillas with Two Fillings has 5.0 grams of fat. Fried Quesadillas with Two Fillings has 78.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fried Quesadillas with Two Fillings are 1/4 cup minced white onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/2 lb mushrooms, trimmed, 2 teaspoons chopped freshepazote leaves, or 1/2teaspoon crumbled dried, 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 2 cups masa harina ("masa mix") such as Maseca or Quaker, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/3 cups warm water, 5 oz queso fresco (Mexican fresh cheese), ricotta salata, or feta, crumbled (1 cup), 1/4 cup Mexican crema or crème fraîche (omit if using ricotta salata), 5 squash blossoms, petals torn into 20 pieces and remainder discarded, About 3 cups vegetable oil, Accompaniment: guacamole, Special equipment: a tortilla press or a rolling pin; a deep-fat thermometer.These little quesadillas are made with masa rather than packaged tortillas.  Cheese Mushroom Fry Vegetarian Cinco de Mayo Lunch Spring Sour Cream Hominy Cornmeal Masa Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.