Fried Chinese Five-Spice Chicken Wings recipe. Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. Coarsely chop onion and finely chop gingerroot. In a large sealable plastic bag combine onion, gingerroot, soy sauce, Sherry, five-spice powder, sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt. Add wings and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Turn bag until wings are completely coated. Marinate chicken wings in bag in a large bowl, chilled, turning bag once, 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Transfer wings and marinade to a roasting pan or large shallow baking pan and bake, covered with foil, in middle of oven 1 hour. Cool wings until they can be handled and drain in a colander, discarding marinade. Wings may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Reduce temperature to 250°F. In a small serving bowl combine remaining 2 tablespoons salt and pepper. Put cornstarch in a small bowl and dredge each wing, knocking off excess cornstarch and transferring to a shallow pan. In a 5- to 6-quart heavy kettle heat oil until a deep-fat thermometer registers 370°F. Working in batches of 6 or 7, fry wings in oil until golden brown, about 3 minutes, and with a slotted spoon transfer to paper towels to drain. Keep wings warm on a baking sheet in oven. Fry remaining wings in same manner, returning oil to 370°F. between batches. Serve wings with salt and pepper mixture. Fried Chinese Five-Spice Chicken Wings has 868.0 calories. Fried Chinese Five-Spice Chicken Wings has 41.0 grams of protein. Fried Chinese Five-Spice Chicken Wings has 72.0 grams of fat. Fried Chinese Five-Spice Chicken Wings has 2713.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fried Chinese Five-Spice Chicken Wings are 3 pounds chicken wings (12 to 14), 1 onion, a 1 1/2-inch piece peeled fresh gingerroot, 2 tablespoons soy sauce (preferably Kikkoman), 1‚ tablespoons medium-dry Sherry, 1 tablespoon Chinese five-spice powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 1/2 cup cornstarch, 6 cups vegetable oil.The two-pronged cooking method used for these wings —incorporating both braising and deep-frying — is a takeoff on the Chinese technique of steaming, then frying. We think it keeps the meat unbelievably tender while getting the skin supercrispy. Be sure to allow 2 hours for the wings to marinate.  Chicken Appetizer Braise Fry Marinate Cocktail Party Super Bowl Poker Game Night Party Gourmet.