Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo recipe. Mix garlic, mayonnaise, and hot pepper sauce in a small bowl; cover and chill. Toss onion, jalapeño, cabbage, pickles, and pickle juice in a large bowl to combine; cover and chill. Whisk flour, pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a shallow bowl. Pour buttermilk into another shallow bowl. Working with 1 piece at a time, dredge chicken in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Dip in buttermilk, allowing excess to drip back into bowl. Dredge again in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Pour oil into a large heavy skillet to a depth of 1/2". Prop deepfry thermometer in oil so bulb is submerged. Heat over medium heat until thermometer registers 350°F. Fry chicken until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a baking sheet; season with salt. Spread cut sides of rolls with butter. Heat another large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook rolls buttered side down until browned and crisp, about 1 minute. Spread with spicy mayo. Build sandwiches with rolls, chicken, and cabbage slaw. Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo has 1300.0 calories. Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo has 57.0 grams of protein. Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo has 75.0 grams of fat. Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo has 1157.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fried Chicken Sandwich with Slaw and Spicy Mayo are 1 garlic clove, finely grated, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Louisiana-style hot pepper sauce, 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeño, thinly sliced, 4 cups thinly sliced cabbage, 1/2 cup bread-and-butter pickle slices, plus 1/4 cup pickle juice, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 8-ounces skinless, boneless chicken breasts, halved crosswise, Peanut or vegetable oil (for frying), 4 white sandwich rolls, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, Special equipment: A deep-fry thermometer.If your idea of coleslaw is the pleated paper cup of shredded stuff alongside BLTs at the diner, it's time for a new rule: Slaw doesn't go with the sandwich, it goes on the sandwich. Slaws deliver on several fronts. They're crunchy, and sandwiches need crunch. Done right, slaws give a bright acidic kick to counter the fatty goodness of meats and mayo. And they provide a temperature contrast to warm sandwiches, like this fried-chicken masterpiece from Son of a Gun in Los Angeles. We can't think of a sandwich that doesn't deserve slaw, so pile it on.  Sandwich Chicken Fry Deep-Fry Cabbage Jalapeño Bon Appétit.