Fried Cardoons recipe.  Discard any discolored outer stalks and small leaves from cardoons. Trim base, tips, and outermost stalks, removing strings from stalks with a vegetable peeler as for celery), then cut cardoons crosswise into 2-inch pieces. Soak cardoons in 2 quarts water with 1 tablespoon salt in a large bowl, chilled, at least 8 hours. Drain cardoons. Transfer to a 6-quart pot, then generously cover with cold water and add 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil, then simmer, uncovered, until tender when pierced with a sharp knife, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain on several layers of paper towels and cool 5 minutes. Heat about 1 1/2 inches oil to 360°F in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over medium heat. Whisk together flour and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a shallow bowl. Whisk together eggs, water, and cheese in another shallow bowl. Toss one fifth of cardoons all at once) with flour, shaking off excess, then transfer to egg mixture and turn with a fork to coat. Lift out coated cardoons 2 at a time, letting excess drip off, then carefully drop into hot oil. When all of batch has been added, fry, turning occasionally, until golden, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to fresh paper towels to drain. Coat and fry remaining cardoons in 4 batches. Return oil to 360°F between batches.) Season with salt. Fried Cardoons has 301.0 calories. Fried Cardoons has 6.0 grams of protein. Fried Cardoons has 26.0 grams of fat. Fried Cardoons has 332.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fried Cardoons are 2 1/4 pounds cardoons (1 large bunch), About 6 cups vegetable oil, 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons water, 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer.Only a culture that loves food could have come up with multiple techniques for cooking the cardoon—this thistle (a cousin of the artichoke that also tastes like one) with the texture of overgrown celery requires meticulous preparation. But the fact that Italians and Italian-Americans alike scour the markets for it come fall is evidence enough that it's worth it. A light coating and deep-frying really enhance the vegetable's subtle flavor.  Cheese Vegetable Christmas Thanksgiving Vegetarian Parmesan Fall Winter Deep-Fry Gourmet.