Fried Fingerling Potatoes with Tarragon Sauce recipe. Bring potatoes, 1/4 cup kosher salt, and 8 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan and cook until potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes. Drain; let cool completely. Halve potatoes lengthwise. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk egg yolk, lemon juice, and a pinch of sea salt in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil until mayonnaise forms. Stir in shallot and tarragon. Season to taste with pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Heat remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add capers and fry, stirring often, until crisp and golden, 2-3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer capers to paper towels to drain. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Pour vegetable oil into a large pot to a depth of 2". Attach a deep-fry thermometer to side of pot. Heat oil over medium heat until thermometer registers 375°F. Working in batches, fry potatoes until crisp and dark golden brown, 3-4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Season lightly with sea salt. Arrange warm potatoes on a platter, cut side up. Spoon some mayonnaise over each; sprinkle with capers. Fried Fingerling Potatoes with Tarragon Sauce has 102.0 calories. Fried Fingerling Potatoes with Tarragon Sauce has 1.0 grams of protein. Fried Fingerling Potatoes with Tarragon Sauce has 8.0 grams of fat. Fried Fingerling Potatoes with Tarragon Sauce has 1913.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fried Fingerling Potatoes with Tarragon Sauce are 1 pound small fingerling potatoes, 1/4 cup kosher salt, 1 large egg yolk, room temperature, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Coarse sea salt, 1/2 cup plus 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 1/2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/2 tablespoons drained capers, patted dry, Vegetable oil or grapeseed oil (for frying).Fried capers lend a light, salty crunch to these addictive little bites.  Potato Appetizer Side Fry Quick & Easy Tarragon Party Capers Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.