Frisée, Radicchio, and Fennel Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette recipe. Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Spread pine nuts in a small baking sheet and bake until pale golden, about 8 minutes. Let cool. Using mandoline, thinly slice fennel bulb crosswise, beginning at base, into a large bowl, stopping about halfway up bulb reserve remaining bulb for another use). Toss fennel with radicchio, frisée, and mint. Whisk together oil, vinegar, shallot, Dijon mustard, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a small bowl. Toss salad well with vinaigrette and pine nuts. Season to taste, if necessary, with salt and pepper. Frisée, Radicchio, and Fennel Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette has 91.0 calories. Frisée, Radicchio, and Fennel Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette has 2.0 grams of protein. Frisée, Radicchio, and Fennel Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette has 8.0 grams of fat. Frisée, Radicchio, and Fennel Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette has 320.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Frisée, Radicchio, and Fennel Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette are 1/4 cup pine nuts, 1 medium fennel bulb, stalks and fronds removed, and base trimmed, 6 ounces radicchio, halved and thinly sliced crosswise (4 cups), 6 ounces frisée, torn into 2-inch pieces (5 cups), 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon coarse-grain Dijon mustard, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: A mandoline.Toss together feathery, pale-green frisée, along with tender, purple-red slices of radicchio, thin semicircles of crisp fennel, and a light mustard vinaigrette to make a gorgeous interplay of colors, textures, and flavors. A generous handful of mint leaves adds a tongue-tingling surprise, reinforcing this salad's zesty freshness.  Salad Mustard Side No-Cook Easter Vegetarian Quick & Easy Pine Nut Fennel Healthy Vegan Lettuce Radicchio Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.