Frisée Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs recipe. Tear frisée into bite-size pieces and put in a large bowl. If using slab bacon, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Cut bacon slices crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick sticks lardons). In a heavy skillet cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and remove skillet from heat. Have ready another skillet with 1 inch warm water. Half-fill a 4-quart saucepan with water and stir in white vinegar. Bring liquid to a bare simmer. Break each egg into a teacup. Slide 1 egg into simmering liquid and immediately push white around yolk with a slotted spoon, moving egg gently. Egg will become oval, with yolk completely covered by white.) Add remaining 3 eggs in same manner. Simmer eggs about 1 1/2 minutes for runny yolks to about 3 minutes for firm yolks. Serving this salad with runny—not fully cooked—yolks may be of concern if there is a problem with salmonella in your area.) Immediately transfer eggs to skillet of warm water. Reheat bacon in its skillet over moderate heat. Add shallot and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add red-wine vinegar and boil 5 seconds. Immediately pour hot dressing over frisée and toss with salt and pepper to taste. Divide salad among 4 plates and top with drained poached eggs. Season eggs with salt and pepper and serve salad immediately. Frisée Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs has 269.0 calories. Frisée Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs has 13.0 grams of protein. Frisée Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs has 22.0 grams of fat. Frisée Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs has 380.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Frisée Salad with Lardons and Poached Eggs are 1/2 pound frisée (French curly endive), 6 ounces slab bacon or thick-cut bacon slices, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chopped shallot, 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar.This recipe can be prepared in 45 minutes or less.  Egg Leafy Green Pork Brunch Poach Quick & Easy Winter Gourmet Sugar Conscious Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.