Frisée Salad with Poached Eggs recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread 3 tablespoons of oil with a brush on both sides of bread and season with salt and pepper. Cut each slice into cubes and bake croutons on a baking sheet in middle of oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. In a saucepan boil salt pork in cold water to cover for 2 minutes and drain in a colander. Rinse salt pork under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over moderate heat and in it cook salt pork, stirring frequently, until browned. Remove salt pork with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Pour 1/2 cup fat from skillet into a small bowl and whisk in shallots, white-wine vinegar, tarragon, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste until dressing is combined well. Fill a wide skillet with 2 inches water and add distilled vinegar. Bring liquid to a rolling boil over high heat and reduce heat to a bare simmer. Poach eggs, 3 at a time, by breaking each one into a saucer and sliding it into the water. As each egg goes in, push white back immediately toward yolk with a large slotted spoon, moving egg gently, and simmer 3 minutes. Drain eggs separately in slotted spoon, blot carefully with paper towels, and trim ragged edges of whites. In a large bowl toss together frisée, dressing, salt pork, and croutons. Divide salad among 6 plates and top with poached eggs. Frisée Salad with Poached Eggs has 465.0 calories. Frisée Salad with Poached Eggs has 9.0 grams of protein. Frisée Salad with Poached Eggs has 44.0 grams of fat. Frisée Salad with Poached Eggs has 1117.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Frisée Salad with Poached Eggs are 4 tablespoons olive oil, ten 1-inch-thick slices French or Italian bread, 1/2 pound salt pork, diced, 2 shallots, sliced thin, 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons distilled white vinegar, 6 large eggs, 2 heads frisée* (French curly endive), torn into pieces (about 12 cups), *available at specialty produce markets.Can be prepared in 45 minutes or less.  Salad Egg Leafy Green Brunch Poach Quick & Easy Winter Tarragon Shallot Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.