Frittata Rolls Stuffed with Ricotta and Fresh Mint recipe.  Mix all ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Whisk eggs, parsley, salt, and pepper in another medium bowl until frothy. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in 8-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1/3 of egg mixture scant 1/4 cup) to skillet, swirling pan to coat bottom evenly in very thin layer. Cook until eggs are set and lightly browned on bottom, about 45 seconds. Turn frittata over and cook until set and slightly golden, about 30 seconds. Transfer to plate. Repeat with remaining egg mixture and oil for a total of 3 frittatas. Place frittatas on work surface. Divide ricotta filling among frittatas, spreading out to edges. Roll up each frittata jelly-roll style. Wrap frittatas individually in plastic. Chill overnight. Unwrap frittatas. Cut on diagonal into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Serve chilled or at room temperature. Frittata Rolls Stuffed with Ricotta and Fresh Mint has 43.0 calories. Frittata Rolls Stuffed with Ricotta and Fresh Mint has 2.0 grams of protein. Frittata Rolls Stuffed with Ricotta and Fresh Mint has 3.0 grams of fat. Frittata Rolls Stuffed with Ricotta and Fresh Mint has 79.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Frittata Rolls Stuffed with Ricotta and Fresh Mint are 1/2 pound (scant 1 cup) fresh whole-milk ricotta cheese, 1/2 cup (about 1 1/2 ounces) freshly grated pecorino Romano cheese, 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon minced fresh Italian parsley, 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided.Be sure to use fresh ricotta cheese from an Italian market — authentic ricotta has the rich, dense texture that's best for this recipe. Make the rolls one day ahead so the flavors can develop. Serve with marinara sauce for dipping.  Cheese Egg Herb Appetizer Breakfast Brunch Ricotta Mint Chill Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.