Frozen Orange and Amaretti Parfaits with Espresso Granita recipe.  Brew espresso with 3 cups water in coffeemaker. Pour coffee into small metal pan. Add 1/2 cup sugar; stir to dissolve. Freeze 2 hours, stirring twice. Cover and freeze without stirring until solid, at least 6 hours or overnight. Using fork, scrape granita into icy crystals, then toss to mix. Cover; keep frozen. Mix orange juice, liqueur, orange peel, and 1 tablespoon sugar in medium bowl until sugar dissolves. Transfer 2 tablespoons mixture to small bowl to use as sauce; chill. Mix ice cream into remaining orange mixture. Cover; freeze until firm, at least 6 hours. Coarsely crumble 1 to 1 1/2 cookies into each of 4 parfait glasses. Top each with 1/2 cup granita and another 1 to 1 1/2 crumbled cookies. Top each with scoop of ice cream. Drizzle 1 1/2 teaspoons orange sauce over ice cream. Garnish with orange slices, if desired. * Available at some supermarkets and at Italian markets. Frozen Orange and Amaretti Parfaits with Espresso Granita has 330.0 calories. Frozen Orange and Amaretti Parfaits with Espresso Granita has 3.0 grams of protein. Frozen Orange and Amaretti Parfaits with Espresso Granita has 9.0 grams of fat. Frozen Orange and Amaretti Parfaits with Espresso Granita has 113.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Frozen Orange and Amaretti Parfaits with Espresso Granita are 1 cup finely ground espresso coffee beans, 3 cups water, 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur, 4 teaspoons finely grated orange peel, 1 pint premium vanilla ice cream, slightly softened, 8 to 12 amaretti cookies (Italian macaroons)*, 2 thin orange slices, cut in half (optional).These gorgeous, grown-up treats feature crunchy almond cookies, icy coffee granita, and creamy orange ice cream. Amaretti cookies vary in size—you'll need eight to twelve cookies for the parfaits.  Coffee Liqueur Dessert Frozen Dessert Orange Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.