Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup recipe. Combine all the fruit in a large bowl and stir in one of the syrups. Garnish with the mint or rosemary sprigs if you're using Herb Syrup. Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup has 245.0 calories. Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup has 4.0 grams of protein. Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup has 2.0 grams of fat. Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup has 17.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fruit Salad with Herb, Citrus, Mint-Maple, or Basic Syrup are 1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved, 1 half-pint raspberries, 1 half-pint blueberries or blackberries, 2 oranges, peeled and cut into sections, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into large chunks, 1 mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into large chunks, 1 papaya, peeled, pitted, and cut into large chunks, 2 cups fresh pineapple cut into large chunks, 1 cup cantaloupe or honeydew melon cut into large chunks, 1/4 cup fresh mint, julienned, Basic , Herb , Mint-Maple or Citrus syrups, Fresh rosemary or mint sprigs if you're using Herb Syrup.When I was growing up, my mom would cut up fresh fruit and arrange it on a plate with a shot glass full of toothpicks. She would also toss fresh fruit with some orange or lime juice and sugar. Taking inspiration from her, I came up with my own version: lime, lemon, a little maple syrup, and an herb syrup with rosemary or mint.
Cut your fruit into chunks rather than into small pieces; I find that small pieces of fruit get mealy and mushy. Make the salad the morning you're going to serve it, but if you're determined to make it the night before, cut up the fruit, store it in separate containers, and then toss it together in the morning. Use whatever fruit you'd like (bananas, apples, berries—the possibilities are endless), but unless you're using the ripest, sweetest seasonal fruit, add a little sugar.  Fruit Brunch Dessert Quick & Easy Blueberry Raspberry Strawberry Kiwi Mango Summer Healthy Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.