Fruity Berry Tarts With Vanilla Cashew Cream recipe. Grease four 5-inch) individual, loose-bottomed,
fluted or straight-sided tart tins and set aside on
a tray. Place the dates and pecans for the crust in a food
processor or mini blender and blitz until they start to
clump together. Divide this mixture equally among
the tins. Press the mixture onto the base and up the
sides of each one, making sure it is of even thickness.
Place in the fridge to set for 30 minutes while you get
on with the rest of the recipe. Place the soaked and drained cashews, the dates
and vanilla seeds in a food processor or mini blender
along with 1/2 cup of cold water. Blend until as
smooth as possible to give a creamy mixture. Once the tart bases have set and are feeling firm,
remove them from the fridge and divide the cashew
cream among them. Spread it out evenly with the
back of the spoon. Top with the berries and then
scatter over the mint or basil to serve. Fruity Berry Tarts With Vanilla Cashew Cream has 460.0 calories. Fruity Berry Tarts With Vanilla Cashew Cream has 7.0 grams of protein. Fruity Berry Tarts With Vanilla Cashew Cream has 31.0 grams of fat. Fruity Berry Tarts With Vanilla Cashew Cream has 3.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fruity Berry Tarts With Vanilla Cashew Cream are Canola oil, for greasing, 1/2 cup Medjool dates, pitted, 1 cup pecans, 2/3 cup plain cashews, soaked (see cooks' note), 1/4 cup Medjool dates, pitted, Seeds from 1 vanilla pod, Large handful of blueberries (about 1/4 cup), Large handful of raspberries (about 1/4 cup), Large handful of blackberries (about 1/4 cup), Leaves from 1/2 bunch of fresh mint or basil.Berries are such a great source of nutrients called polyphenols, which make them and the foods
they are mixed with a lovely slow energy releaser, perfect to avoid those unwanted energy
highs and then lows after eating refined sugar. These tarts are wonderful for when you are
entertaining guests and need an easy and cool-looking dessert.  HarperCollins Dessert Tart Vegan Vegetarian Wheat Gluten-Free Berry Blueberry Raspberry Blackberry Cashew Date No-Cook Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.