Fruitcake Brownies recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Combine 1 cup butter and semisweet and unsweetened chocolates in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until chocolates melt and mixture is smooth. Cool to lukewarm. Using electric mixer, beat sugar and 3 eggs in large bowl until very thick and pale, about 3 minutes. Stir in chocolate mixture and vanilla extract. Whisk 1 cup flour, baking powder and salt in medium bowl to blend. Stir dry ingredients into chocolate mixture. Mix in walnuts and dried fruits. Transfer batter to prepared dish; smooth top. Bake until top cracks and tester inserted into center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, about 35 minutes. Cool in pan on rack. Combine room temperature cream cheese, butter and vanilla extract in processor. Blend until smooth, scraping down sides of bowl occasionally. Add sugar and process to blend. Spread frosting over brownies. Refrigerate until frosting is well chilled, about 2 hours. Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover; keep refrigerated.) Cut brownies into squares. Arrange on platter; garnish with walnuts, if desired, and serve. Fruitcake Brownies has 312.0 calories. Fruitcake Brownies has 3.0 grams of protein. Fruitcake Brownies has 19.0 grams of fat. Fruitcake Brownies has 86.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fruitcake Brownies are 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons (2 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, 9 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 1/2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup chopped walnuts, 1/3 cup chopped dried apricots, 1/3 cup chopped dried figs, 1/3 cup chopped pitted dates, 1/3 cup dried sour cherries or dried currants, 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 cups sifted powdered sugar, Walnut halves (optional).These irresistible treats are filled with dried apricots, figs and cherries as well as dates and walnuts, and are topped with a cream cheese frosting.  Food Processor Mixer Chocolate Nut Dessert Bake Christmas Cream Cheese Dried Fruit Date Fig Apricot Walnut Winter Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.