Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake recipe. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter three 8-inch-diameter nonstick cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Place devil's food cake mix, 1 cup water, 1/3 cup vegetable oil, eggs, vanilla extract and 1/4 cup sour cream in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat batter 2 minutes. Stir in 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips. Divide batter among prepared pans about 1 3/4 cups batter for each). Bake until tester inserted into center of cake layers comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool cake layers in pans on racks 15 minutes. Run small sharp knife between pan sides and cake layers to loosen. Turn out onto racks; cool completely. Bring 1/2 cup raspberry jam and 3 tablespoons unsalted butter to simmer in heavy large saucepan over medium heat, stirring often. Remove from heat. Add remaining 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips and stir until melted. Add remaining 3/4 cup sour cream and 2 cups powdered sugar. Using electric mixer, beat frosting in pan until smooth and thick, about 2 minutes. Place 1 cake layer on platter. Spread 3/4 cup frosting over. Top with second cake layer. Spread 3/4 cup frosting over. Top with third cake layer. Chill cake until frosting sets slightly, about 15 minutes. Spread remaining frosting in swirls over top and sides of cake. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover with cake dome and let stand at room temperature.) Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake has 654.0 calories. Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake has 6.0 grams of protein. Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake has 38.0 grams of fat. Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake has 99.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Fudgy Chocolate Birthday Cake are 1 box devil's food cake mix (1 pound 2.25 ounces), 1 cup water, 1/3 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, 2 12-ounce packages semisweet chocolate chips (4 cups), 1/2 cup seedless raspberry jam, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups powdered sugar.Sour cream and vegetable oil moisten the cake, and raspberry jam adds a nice touch to the frosting. Decorate this rich old-fashioned layer cake with a few edible flowers (roses would be pretty) and candles.  Cake Chocolate Dairy Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Birthday Party Jam or Jelly Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.