Garden Greens and Goat Cheese Pasta recipe. Pull the tough stems away from the leaves of:
1 bunch of kale lacinato, Red Russian, or Siberian) Put the stems into the compost bucket and wash the leaves in cool water. Drain. Cook the leaves until tender in boiling salted water. Remove from the water and let cool. Bring the water back to a boil and add:
1 pound whole-wheat spaghetti While the pasta is cooking, heat a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat and pour in:
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil Stir in the greens and heat through. Move the greens from the center of the pan and add:
2 garlic cloves, finely chopped Allow to cook for a minute and stir into the greens. Taste for salt and add as needed. When the pasta is cooked, drain it in a colander, reserving some of the cooking liquid. Add the drained pasta to the greens with:
1/3 cup crumbled fresh goat cheese
A pinch of dried chile flakes
A drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil Stir the greens, pasta, and goat cheese together. The cheese will melt, making a creamy sauce. Add cooking water as needed to loosen. Taste for salt one last time before serving. Garden Greens and Goat Cheese Pasta has 544.0 calories. Garden Greens and Goat Cheese Pasta has 22.0 grams of protein. Garden Greens and Goat Cheese Pasta has 15.0 grams of fat. Garden Greens and Goat Cheese Pasta has 97.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Garden Greens and Goat Cheese Pasta are 1 bunch of kale (lacinato, Red Russian, or Siberian), 1 pound whole-wheat spaghetti, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1/3 cup crumbled fresh goat cheese, A pinch of dried chile flakes, A drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil.This pasta is tasty made with kale, collards, or any greens you have growing in the garden. I will go and cut whatever is ready or use what I brought home from the farmers' market. I like to include something that has a bit of spice, such as broccoli rabe, red mustards, or mature rocket. Many times I will cook more greens than I need and put them in the refrigerator to make a quick pasta another time. (Add the garlic and goat cheese at the time you are going to toss them with the pasta.) This is perfect for those days when dinnertime shows up before you know it.  Leafy Green Pasta Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Dinner Goat Cheese Kale Healthy Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.