Gialina's Kale & Farro Salad with Avocado recipe.  To make the dressing, place all of the dressing ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth, or use an immersion blender to blend all the ingredients in a bowl. To make the salad, bring a small pot of salted water to a boil. Add the farro and cook until tender, 16 to 18 minutes. Drain, rinse with cold water until cool, then drain well. Remove the stems from the kale. Cut away any tough ends, then finely slice the stems and tear the kale leaves into small bite-size pieces. Place both the stems and leaves in a large salad bowl. Add the avocados, carrots, and farro. Add half of the dressing and toss to combine. Add more dressing if desired. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve. Gialina's Kale & Farro Salad with Avocado has 687.0 calories. Gialina's Kale & Farro Salad with Avocado has 7.0 grams of protein. Gialina's Kale & Farro Salad with Avocado has 65.0 grams of fat. Gialina's Kale & Farro Salad with Avocado has 386.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Gialina's Kale & Farro Salad with Avocado are 1 stalk green garlic, white and light green parts, chopped, or 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Leaves from 1/2 bunch tarragon, Leaves from 1/2 bunch Italian parsley, 1 1/2 cups extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup Moscatel vinegar (see Note), 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2/3 cup farro, 1 bunch Tuscan kale (about 10 ounces), 1 to 2 avocados, cut into large dice, 2 spring carrots, peeled or scrubbed and sliced into thin rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper.Our neighborhood pizzeria, Gialina, gets high marks for its thin-crust pies and the impeccable produce that chef-owner Sharon Ardiana uses in her toppings and sides. Her salads are always irresistible, and this one is not only delicious, it also uses whole kale leaves, including the stems. Ardiana tosses chopped raw kale with bright rounds of sweet carrots, creamy avocado, and a handful of nutty farro for sweetness and texture, and then adds a garlic dressing that is reminiscent of green goddess dressing but without the mayonnaise.  Salad Vegetarian Lunch Avocado Kale Fall Winter Healthy Vegan Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.