Ginger Cardamom Oeufs à la Neige recipe. Line bottom of a small 4-sided sheet pan with parchment paper. Separate 2 eggs; put yolks in a large bowl and whites in another. Add whole egg to yolks. Beat whites with a pinch of salt using an electric mixer until they hold soft peaks. Add 1/2 cup sugar in a slow stream, beating at medium-high speed until whites hold stiff, glossy peaks. Meanwhile, bring milk to a bare simmer with ginger and cardamom in a wide 4-quart heavy pot over medium heat. Drop 4 large dollops of beaten whites into milk and poach at a bare simmer, turning once, 4 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to lined pan reserve milk). Whisk remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and salt into yolk mixture. Add hot milk in a slow stream, whisking until incorporated, then return to pot. Cook, stirring often, until thickened and an instant-read thermometer registers 170°F. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean bowl. Stir in vanilla. Quick-chill custard by setting bowl in an ice bath and stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Ladle into 4 bowls and put a meringue in each. Sprinkle with nuts. Ginger Cardamom Oeufs à la Neige has 308.0 calories. Ginger Cardamom Oeufs à la Neige has 10.0 grams of protein. Ginger Cardamom Oeufs à la Neige has 11.0 grams of fat. Ginger Cardamom Oeufs à la Neige has 179.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ginger Cardamom Oeufs à la Neige are 3 large eggs, 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, divided, 2 cups whole milk, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1/4 cup roasted shelled pistachios, chopped.Inspired by a dessert served at Le Bistro Paul Bert, in Paris, we used Indian spices to restyle this elegant classic custard. It takes its French name ("eggs in the snow") from the lightly poached dollops of meringue that top it.  Milk Cream Egg Ginger Dessert Poach Pistachio Spice Chill Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.