Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms recipe.  Heat a wok or a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot, then add 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil and swirl around wok. Add half of egg mixture and swirl wok to coat bottom with a thin layer about 5 inches in diameter. When egg crêpe is set, about 45 seconds, transfer with a wide metal spatula to a plate to cool. Make another egg crêpe with another 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil and remaining egg mixture in same manner. Stack crêpes, roll into a cylinder, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips, then unroll. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in wok over high heat until it begins to smoke. Add ginger, white part of scallions, and salt and stir-fry until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add shiitakes and stir-fry until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Crumble rice into wok and stir-fry until lightly browned, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and add scallion greens, egg strips, and sesame oil, tossing to combine. Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms has 201.0 calories. Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms has 4.0 grams of protein. Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms has 7.0 grams of fat. Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms has 255.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ginger Fried Rice with Shiitake Mushrooms are 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 large egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 1 1/2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 3 scallions, white and green parts chopped separately, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 lb fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced, 3 cups cold cooked white rice, 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil.This recipe is a great use for cold leftover rice. Order extra rice with Chinese takeout or make a double batch of your own one night — you can keep it, chilled, up to 1 week.  Ginger Mushroom Rice Side Stir-Fry Vegetarian Low No Sugar Winter Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.