Gluten-Free Banana-Almond Pancakes with Date Caramel recipe.  Soak chopped dates in 1 cup hot water for 15 minutes. Transfer dates and their soaking liquid to a blender or food processor; add vanilla extract and salt. Blend until date mixture reaches a caramel-like consistency, adding a bit more hot water if needed. Transfer date caramel to a small serving bowl or creamer. In a large bowl, mash the bananas and whisk in the milk, eggs, and vanilla. In another large bowl, combine the almond meal, brown rice flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Pour the wet ingredients into the bowl of dry ingredients and stir well to incorporate. Heat a large skillet or griddle to medium and brush it with a bit of butter. Drop batter by the tablespoon into the skillet to form pancakes. Cook until bubbles start to form on the surface, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook the other side until light brown, about 30 seconds more. Repeat with remaining batter, brushing pan with butter as needed. Drizzle pancakes with date caramel, sprinkle with almonds, and serve. Gluten-Free Banana-Almond Pancakes with Date Caramel has 76.0 calories. Gluten-Free Banana-Almond Pancakes with Date Caramel has 2.0 grams of protein. Gluten-Free Banana-Almond Pancakes with Date Caramel has 3.0 grams of fat. Gluten-Free Banana-Almond Pancakes with Date Caramel has 81.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Gluten-Free Banana-Almond Pancakes with Date Caramel are 1 cup chopped pitted dates, 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 2 ripe bananas, peeled, 1 cup whole milk, warmed, 2 large eggs, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups almond meal (ground almonds), 3/4 cup brown rice flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon salt, Melted unsalted butter, for pan, Sliced toasted almonds, for serving.These decadent silver dollar-style pancakes are inspired by the classic British banoffee pie but are completely free from refined sugars—and they're gluten-free to boot. Sticky and sweet dried dates are soaked in hot water and blended to create the luxurious toffee-like "caramel." If you're feeling extra indulgent, whip up a batch of Coconut Whipped Cream to go on top.  Quick and Healthy Breakfast Pancake Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.