Gluten-Free Blueberry Corn Muffins recipe.  Position rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Butter muffin pan and lightly dust with tapioca flour, knocking out excess. In large bowl, whisk together tapioca flour, cornmeal, rice flour, cornstarch, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In medium bowl, whisk together butter, milk, maple syrup, and eggs. Using wooden spoon, stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients until fully combined. Gently fold in blueberries. Divide batter among muffin cups, filling each cup 3/4 full. Bake until tops are domed and feel springy to the touch, and toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Let cool in pan 5 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack. Gluten-Free Blueberry Corn Muffins has 248.0 calories. Gluten-Free Blueberry Corn Muffins has 4.0 grams of protein. Gluten-Free Blueberry Corn Muffins has 10.0 grams of fat. Gluten-Free Blueberry Corn Muffins has 391.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Gluten-Free Blueberry Corn Muffins are 2 tablespoons tapioca flour plus 2 tablespoons for dusting pan, 1 1/4 cups finely ground yellow cornmeal, 2/3 cup white rice flour*, 1/4 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon plus 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 4 large eggs, 1 cup fresh or frozen (unthawed) blueberries (about 5 ounces), *Be sure to use white rice flour; brown will result in gritty muffins., Special equipment: Muffin pan with 12 (1/2-cup) cups.This crowd-pleasing recipe was developed by Susan Baldassano, Director of Education at the Natural Gourmet Institute for Health and Culinary Arts in New York City. For moist, tender muffins, use finely ground yellow cornmeal, such as that made by Arrowhead Mills. You can replace the blueberries with an equal amount of cranberries and increase the sugar to 2 tablespoons, or replace the blueberries with 3/4 cup of raspberries.These muffins are delicious on their own, or try them warm with butter and jam. Cooled muffins can be wrapped in plastic and stored at room temperature for up to three days or frozen for up to three weeks. Thaw and reheat muffins in 350°F oven or microwave (unlike those made with wheat, gluten-free baked goods won't get tough in the microwave). See our related story for more information and sources for gluten-free ingredients.  Breakfast Brunch Bake Picnic Kid-Friendly Wheat Gluten-Free Mother's Day Blueberry Cornmeal Potluck Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.