Gnocchi Gratin With Gorgonzola Dolce recipe. Place potatoes in a large pot. Add water to cover by 1"; bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer until tender, 25–30 minutes. Drain; set aside and let cool slightly. Peel potatoes. Pass through ricer or a food mill or sieve, into a large bowl. Whisk egg and egg yolk in a small bowl to blend. Add egg mixture, 1/3 cup Parmesan, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, and nutmeg to potatoes. Using your hands, gently mix to form a soft but not sticky dough. Transfer dough to a floured surface. Gather into a ball, then divide into 4 pieces. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper; dust with flour. Working with 1 piece at a time keep other pieces covered with a damp kitchen towel), roll dough into a 24"-long rope. Cut crosswise into 1" pieces. Working with 1 piece at a time, press lightly on gnocchi with the back of the tines of a fork and gently roll gnocchi to create ridges on 1 side. Place on prepared baking sheet and lightly dust with flour. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Cover and chill remaining grated cheese. Bring cream, rosemary, and ginger to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat; cover and let steep for 30 minutes. Set aside. Preheat oven to 375°F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Working in batches of about 12 at a time, cook gnocchi until they float to the surface, 2–3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer gnocchi to a baking dish coated with 1 tablespoon butter. Mix 3 tablespoons Parmesan, remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and breadcrumbs in a small bowl. Strain reserved cream mixture into dish all over gnocchi. Break off small pieces of Gorgonzola; scatter over. Sprinkle the remaining Parmesan over, then the breadcrumb mixture. Bake until the filling is bubbling and the topping is browned, 25–30 minutes. Gnocchi Gratin With Gorgonzola Dolce has 707.0 calories. Gnocchi Gratin With Gorgonzola Dolce has 30.0 grams of protein. Gnocchi Gratin With Gorgonzola Dolce has 52.0 grams of fat. Gnocchi Gratin With Gorgonzola Dolce has 1063.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Gnocchi Gratin With Gorgonzola Dolce are 1 pound russet potatoes, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 6 ounces Parmesan, finely grated, divided, 1 cup all-purpose flour plus more, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 1/4"-thick slice fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, divided, 3 tablespoons fine dried breadcrumbs, 4 ounces Gorgonzola dolce or other mild blue cheese, Special equipment: A 1 1/2-quart baking dish or gratin dish; a ricer.We take potato dumplings to the next level by bathing them in cream, studding them with Gorgonzola dolce—a sweeter, milder variety of blue cheese—and topping them with crisp breadcrumbs.  Cheese Dairy Potato Side Bake Vegetarian Dinner Casserole Gratin Blue Cheese Parmesan Winter Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.