Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce recipe.  Toast coriander, cumin, cinnamon, and cloves in a small heavy skillet over medium heat, shaking skillet, until fragrant and darker do not burn), 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in coconut, red-pepper flakes, and turmeric and cook, stirring, until coconut is golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cool completely, then pulse in grinder until finely ground. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté onion until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, ginger, chiles, tamarind, and spice mixture and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add tomato and cook, stirring, until sauce is thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Toss shrimp with sea salt, then add to sauce and cook, stirring, until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in vinegar and season with sea salt. Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce has 280.0 calories. Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce has 25.0 grams of protein. Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce has 14.0 grams of fat. Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce has 1448.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Goan Shrimp in Roasted-Coconut Sauce are 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 (1-inch) piece cinnamon stick, broken into pieces, 4 whole cloves, 1/4 cup unsweetened dried grated coconut, 1 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger (use a Microplane), 2 (4-inch) fresh hot green chiles, cut lengthwise into thin shreds, plus seeds, 1/4 cup Swad-brand tamarind concentrate (see cooks' note, below), 1 cup finely chopped plum tomato (1 large), 1 1/2 lb large shrimp, peeled, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt such as fleur de sel, 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar or red-wine vinegar, Equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder, Accompaniment: basmati rice or Indian bread.This South Indian dish—also known as xec-xec—is full of tamarind, cumin, coriander, and roasted coconut. The spices meld with the tomato to form a flavorful sauce that clings to the shrimp.  Rice Sauté Dinner Coconut Shrimp Bon Appétit Brooklyn New York Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.