Goat Cheese-Stuffed Turkey Burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish recipe.  Combine turkey, breadcrumbs, lemon juice, lemon peel, thyme, salt and pepper in large bowl. Mix well. Divide turkey mixture into 6 equal portions. Form 1 portion into two 4-inch diameter patties. Place 1 tablespoon goat cheese atop 1 turkey patty; place second patty atop cheese. Seal patties at edges to enclose cheese. Repeat with remaining 5 portions. Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Grill burgers until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Grill hamburger buns, cut side down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Place turkey burgers on bottom half of buns. Top burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish, then bun tops and serve. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add red peppers and sauté 2 minutes. Add onions and garlic. Cook until onions are tender, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Mix vinegar and sugar in small bowl until sugar dissolves. Stir vinegar mixture into red peppers. Mix in mustard and cayenne pepper. Season with salt. Continue cooking relish until all liquid has evaporated, stirring frequently, about 6 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before using.) Makes about 2 cups. Goat Cheese-Stuffed Turkey Burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish has 481.0 calories. Goat Cheese-Stuffed Turkey Burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish has 30.0 grams of protein. Goat Cheese-Stuffed Turkey Burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish has 22.0 grams of fat. Goat Cheese-Stuffed Turkey Burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish has 819.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Goat Cheese-Stuffed Turkey Burgers with Roasted Red Pepper Relish are 1 1/2 pounds lean ground turkey, 6 tablespoons fresh breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), 6 whole wheat, hamburger buns, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 7-ounce jars roasted sweet red peppers, rinsed, drained, patted dry, chopped, 1 1/2 cups chopped onions, 3 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 4 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper.The goat cheese and relish keep these burgers especially moist. For a nice variation, omit the goat cheese, and top the turkey burgers with sliced Havarti or Monterey Jack cheese during the last few minutes of cooking. Set out bowls of pickles and olives, and pour chilled Chardonnay throughout the meal.  Sandwich Cheese Pepper Poultry turkey Summer Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.