Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter eight 1-cup 3 1/2 x 2-inch) ramekins and coat with sugar, knocking out excess sugar. In a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan melt 3/4 stick butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Add milk and cook over moderate heat, whisking, until mixture is very thick and pulls away from sides of pan. Transfer mixture to a bowl and cool 5 minutes. In a large bowl whisk together yolks, vanilla, oil, and a pinch salt, and whisk in milk mixture and Grand Marnier, whisking until smooth. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat in 1 cup sugar, a little at a time, and beat meringue until it just holds stiff peaks. Whisk about one fourth meringue into yolk mixture to lighten and with a rubber spatula fold in remaining meringue gently but thoroughly. Spoon batter into ramekins, filling them just to rim, and arrange ramekins at least 1 1/2 inches apart in a large baking pan. Add enough hot water to pan to reach halfway up sides of ramekins and bake soufflés in middle of oven 20 minutes, or until puffed and tops are golden. Remove pan from oven and transfer ramekins to dessert plates. With 2 forks pull open center of each soufflé and pour some crème anglaise into opening. Serve souffl s immediately. Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise has 286.0 calories. Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise has 8.0 grams of protein. Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise has 14.0 grams of fat. Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise has 77.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grand Marnier Souffles with Crème Anglaise are 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter plus additional for buttering ramekins, 1 cup sugar plus additional for coating ramekins, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 7 large egg yolks, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla, 1/8 teaspoon orange oil*, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 8 large egg whites, Accompaniment:egrave;me anglaise *available at specialty foods shops. Liqueur Dairy Egg Dessert Bake Orange Vanilla Fall Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.