Grass-Fed Beef Meatloaf in a Bacon Blanket recipe.  Heat oven to 375째F with rack in middle. Meanwhile, stir together bread crumbs and milk in a large bowl and set aside. Cook onion, carrot, celery, and garlic in oil with 1 teaspoon salt in a heavy 12-inch skillet over medium heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Combine beef, pork, ketchup, eggs, Worcestershire sauce, smoked paprika, pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, and cooked vegetables with bread crumbs and mix with your hands until vegetables are well distributed and mixture is cohesive. Form mixture into a 12-inch loaf, about 4 1/2 inches wide, in pan, and lay bacon slices crosswise over it. Roast in oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 160째F, 40 to 45 minutes. If the bacon on top isn't crisp, reset oven to broil and broil the meatloaf, 4 to 5 inches from the heat, until bacon is crisp and browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Let meatloaf rest in pan 10 minutes before transferring to a platter. Grass-Fed Beef Meatloaf in a Bacon Blanket has 880.0 calories. Grass-Fed Beef Meatloaf in a Bacon Blanket has 55.0 grams of protein. Grass-Fed Beef Meatloaf in a Bacon Blanket has 62.0 grams of fat. Grass-Fed Beef Meatloaf in a Bacon Blanket has 1487.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grass-Fed Beef Meatloaf in a Bacon Blanket are 1 cup fresh bread crumbs (ground in food processor from 2 slices of bread), 1/2 cup milk, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, finely chopped, 1 large celery rib, finely chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 1 1/2 pounds ground grass-fed beef (preferably ground once; see Cooks' Notes), 1/2 pound ground pork (preferably shoulder, not lean; and ground once; see Cooks' Notes), 1/2 cup ketchup, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika (optional; see Cooks' Notes), 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 bacon slices, halved crosswise, Special equipment: A large, heavy rimmed sheet pan or flameproof roasting pan (not glass); instant-read thermometer.It's good news for America that grass-fed beef is increasingly available in supermarkets. Cattle were meant to eat grass, and they are efficient at converting that green goodness into nutrient-dense meat, rich in heart-healthy omega-3 fatty acids as well as vitamins A and E, to say nothing of environmental benefits. Because grass-fed beef is leaner than grain-fed, it's not quite as tender. So turning it into a meatloaf is a great혰and economical혰way to make a meal of it.  Beef Pork Roast Kid-Friendly Back to School Dinner Lunch Meat Ground Beef Bacon Fall Winter Family Reunion Potluck Breadcrumbs Gourmet Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.