Green Bean, Corn, and Coconut Stir-Fry (Thoren) recipe.  Stir together coconut, cumin, coriander, cayenne, turmeric, chile, garlic, 1/4 cup water, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Heat oil in a wok or 12-inch heavy skillet not nonstick) over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook mustard seeds and red pepper flakes until mustard seeds begin to pop and/or turn gray. Add curry leaves if using), covering skillet immediately as they crackle for a few seconds. Add green beans and corn and stir-fry 8 minutes. Add coconut mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. If mixture becomes dry and begins to stick to bottom of wok, add a few tablespoons water. Season with salt. Green Bean, Corn, and Coconut Stir-Fry (Thoren) has 248.0 calories. Green Bean, Corn, and Coconut Stir-Fry (Thoren) has 5.0 grams of protein. Green Bean, Corn, and Coconut Stir-Fry (Thoren) has 13.0 grams of fat. Green Bean, Corn, and Coconut Stir-Fry (Thoren) has 400.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Bean, Corn, and Coconut Stir-Fry (Thoren) are 3/4 cup grated dried unsweetened coconut, 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 small fresh green chile, such as serrano, Thai, or jalapeño, slit lengthwise with stem end intact, 2 garlic cloves, crushed, 1/4 cup water, Salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 15 to 20 fresh curry leaves (optional), 1 pound green beans, thinly sliced crosswise (1/4 inch), 3 ears corn, kernels cut from cobs.I grew up on green beans thoren, and while I'll never tire of its crunchy deliciousness, I think adding corn makes it even better. And even though people don't often associate stir-fries with Indian cooking, this dish is a favorite in Kerala. It's a combination of diced vegetables and coconut, but the key is moistening the coconut so it can soak up the ground spices first. This recipe is part of our menu for Sadhya, a South Indian feast.  Stir-Fry Vegetarian Dinner Coconut Corn Green Bean Vegan Gourmet Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.