Green Bean and Radicchio Salad with Roasted Beets and Balsamic Red Onions recipe.  Place onion, 1/4 cup vinegar, and bay leaf in large jar or medium bowl. Add just enough water to cover. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cover and chill overnight. Can be prepared 3 days ahead.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Place large piece of foil on baking sheet. Place beets in center of foil. Drizzle beets with 1 tablespoon oil and 2 tablespoons water. Top with another piece of foil; crimp edges to seal tightly. Roast beets until tender when pierced with fork, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Cool completely. Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 6 minutes. Rinse under cold water to cool. Drain and pat dry. Whisk remaining 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1/2 cup oil, shallots, and thyme in small bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Beets, beans, and dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.) Peel and cut beets into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Arrange large radicchio leaves over very large platter to cover reserve small leaves for another use). Drain red onions; scatter over radicchio. Arrange beans over onions. Arrange beet slices decoratively over beans. Pour dressing over salad and serve. Green Bean and Radicchio Salad with Roasted Beets and Balsamic Red Onions has 128.0 calories. Green Bean and Radicchio Salad with Roasted Beets and Balsamic Red Onions has 2.0 grams of protein. Green Bean and Radicchio Salad with Roasted Beets and Balsamic Red Onions has 8.0 grams of fat. Green Bean and Radicchio Salad with Roasted Beets and Balsamic Red Onions has 63.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Bean and Radicchio Salad with Roasted Beets and Balsamic Red Onions are 1 large red onion, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise, 1/4 cup plus 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 bay leaf, 6 large beets (about 2 1/2 pounds), 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons water, 1 1/2 pounds slender green beans, trimmed, cut in half crosswise, 1/4 cup chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 large head of radicchio.An overnight pickling tames the red onions.  Salad Onion Appetizer Roast Vegetarian Green Bean Beet Fall Vegan Shallot Boil Bon Appétit Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.