Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah recipe. Preheat oven to 325ºF. Spread pecans on a rimmed baking sheet. Toast, tossing once, until fragrant and lightly golden, 8–10 minutes. Let cool completely. Meanwhile, toast sesame seeds in a medium skillet over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until fragrant and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add coriander, cumin, and fennel seeds and toast, stirring frequently, until sesame seeds are golden and spices are fragrant, about 2 minutes more. Transfer to a plate and let cool completely. Coarsely chop 1/4 cup pecans; set aside. Pulse sesame seed mixture, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. pepper, and 1/2 cup pecans in a food processor until coarse, dry, and crumbly; do not let it become a paste. Cook green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, 5–7 minutes. Drain, then transfer immediately to a large bowl filled with ice water. Drain again and pat dry. Meanwhile, coarsely chop fennel fronds; set aside. Cut fennel bulb in half lengthwise, then thinly slice each half lengthwise. Whisk lemon zest, oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a large bowl. Add green beans, fennel bulb, and half of the dukkah and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer salad to a serving platter, then top with fennel fronds, remaining dukkah, and remaining 1/4 cup pecans. Dukkah can be made up to 3 days ahead; store in an airtight container at room temperature. Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah has 180.0 calories. Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah has 4.0 grams of protein. Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah has 15.0 grams of fat. Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah has 13.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Bean Salad with Fennel and Toasted Pecan Dukkah are 3/4 cup pecans (3 ounces), 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper, 2 1/2 pounds green beans, trimmed, 1 medium fennel bulb with fronds, Finely grated zest from 1 lemon, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil.Dukkah—a rich nut and spice blend—is easy to make and lends a zesty kick to this gorgeous crisp salad.  Salad Healthy Green Bean Pecan Sesame Fennel Kid-Friendly High Fiber.