Green Beans and Zucchini with Sauce Verte recipe.  Blend first 7 ingredients in processor until finely chopped. With machine running, gradually add olive oil. Process until coarse puree forms. Season sauce verte to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add vegetables; stir until coated. Sprinkle with salt and 3 tablespoons water. Cover; cook vegetables until almost crisp-tender, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Uncover; cook until vegetables are just tender, about 2 minutes longer. Stir in enough sauce verte to coat vegetables generously. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Garnish with parsley and serve. Green Beans and Zucchini with Sauce Verte has 117.0 calories. Green Beans and Zucchini with Sauce Verte has 2.0 grams of protein. Green Beans and Zucchini with Sauce Verte has 9.0 grams of fat. Green Beans and Zucchini with Sauce Verte has 97.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Beans and Zucchini with Sauce Verte are 1/3 cup (packed) fresh basil leaves, 1 green onion, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons (packed) fresh Italian parsley, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound green beans, stem end trimmed, 12 ounces zucchini, halved lengthwise, each half cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-wide strips, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley leaves (for garnish).Sauce verte is French for "green sauce." In this recipe, the sauce gets its vibrant color from basil, green onion, parsley, and capers. Any leftover sauce can be stirred into couscous or rice, or served with grilled chicken or fish.  Blender Side Quick & Easy Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Basil Green Bean Zucchini Summer Parsley Capers Bon Appétit Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.