Green Bean Amandine recipe.  Preheat the oven to 375°F. In a large sauté pan or wok over moderate heat, warm the oil. Add the shallots and sauté, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes. Add the garlic and sauté, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute. Add the green beans, along with the vinegar, salt, and pepper, and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and cook, tossing occasionally, until the green beans are crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Using tongs, lift the green beans from the pan and transfer to the baking dish; set aside. Add the heavy cream and rosemary to the sauté pan and bring to a simmer. Continue simmering until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Add the butter and stir until melted, then pour the mixture over the green beans. DO AHEAD: The green beans can be prepared up to this point, covered, and kept at room temperature for 1 hour. Sprinkle the almonds and Cheddar over the green beans and bake until the cheese is melted and the green beans are hot, about 10 minutes. Green Bean Amandine has 206.0 calories. Green Bean Amandine has 8.0 grams of protein. Green Bean Amandine has 15.0 grams of fat. Green Bean Amandine has 389.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Bean Amandine are 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1/4 cup sliced shallots, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 3 pounds green beans, trimmed, 1/2 cup red-wine vinegar, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon coarsely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup sliced almonds, lightly toasted, 1 cup freshly grated sharp or extra-sharp white Cheddar cheese, Special equipment: 1 (2 1/2- to 3-quart) baking dish.Chef Kris Wessel of Florida Cookery in Miami Beach, Florida, shared this recipe as part of a Palm Tree Christmas menu he created exclusively for Epicurious.  Milk Cream Cheese Nut Vegetable Side Christmas Cheddar Almond Green Bean Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.