Green Beans with Shallots, Hazelnuts, and Tarragon recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven, tossing halfway through, until skins are splitting and nuts are fragrant, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl to steam and cool, then rub the nuts with a kitchen towel to remove their skins. Roughly chop the hazelnuts and set aside. In a large sauté pan over medium-high heat, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add shallots and cook, tossing, until lightly golden and softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and set aside. Reduce heat to medium, and add 1/2 cup water, remaining 2 tablespoons butter, salt, and pepper to the same pan. Add the haricots verts and toss to coat. Cover pan and cook, tossing occasionally, until bright green and crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Remove cover, raise heat to high and cook until the water evaporates and the beans are glazed, about 3 minutes more. Toss green beans with tarragon, lemon zest, hazelnuts, and sautéed shallots. Serve immediately. Green Beans with Shallots, Hazelnuts, and Tarragon has 115.0 calories. Green Beans with Shallots, Hazelnuts, and Tarragon has 3.0 grams of protein. Green Beans with Shallots, Hazelnuts, and Tarragon has 8.0 grams of fat. Green Beans with Shallots, Hazelnuts, and Tarragon has 187.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Beans with Shallots, Hazelnuts, and Tarragon are 6 tablespoons raw hazelnuts, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 3 large shallots, sliced (about 1 cup), 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 1/2 pounds haricots verts (thin green beans), trimmed, 3 tablespoons fresh tarragon leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon zest.This simple dish employs the French technique of cooking vegetables in a mixture of water and butter. The water eventually cooks out after steaming the vegetables, leaving them glazed with the butter. This is a dish that can be cooked while the turkey is resting.  Side Thanksgiving Green Bean Tarragon Hazelnut Shallot Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.