Green Bean Casserole recipe.  Preheat the oven to 350°F. Wash and trim the stem ends from green beans. Place in a greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, mix cream of tomato soup, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and paprika. Pour over beans and bake, covered, about 1 hour Top with au gratin ingredients, below. Heat in broiler until the cheese is melted. Completely cover the food with bread crumbs paprika, butter and cheese. Place the dish in a preheated 350°F oven or under the broiler 5 inches below the source of heat, and broil until a glazed golden crust is created. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Wash and trim the stem ends from green beans. Place in a buttered baking dish. Mix milk, cream of mushroom soup, 2/3 cup canned French-fried onion rings, and salt and black pepper to taste Pour over beans and bake, uncovered, about 30 minutes. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup canned French-fried onion rings. Bake until browned, 5 to 10 minutes. The ingredients of Green Bean Casserole are 1 pound green beans, One 10 3/4-ounce can condensed cream of tomato soup, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon paprika, Dry bread crumbs, (Paprika—about 1/2 teaspoon per cup), Dots of butter, Grated Cheddar, Romano, or Parmesan, 1 pound green beans, Butter for greasing baking dish, 3/4 cup milk, One 10 3/4-ounce can condensed cream of mushroom soup, 2/3 cup canned French-fried onion rings, plus additional 1/2 cup, Salt and black pepper to taste."Au gratin" is a term that, in America, is usually associated with cheese. But the term may refer to any light but thorough topping of fine fresh or dry bread crumbs or even crushed cornflakes, cracker crumbs, or finely ground nuts on scalloped dishes or casseroles. These dishes, usually combinations of cooked shellfish, fish, meats, vegetables, or eggs, bound by a sauce and served in the dish in which they were cooked, are then browned in the oven or under the broiler to form a crisp golden crust. Set the casserole dish or baking dish on a piece of foil, shiny side down to deflect the heat, or just set it on a baking sheet.  Brunch Side Christmas Dinner Casserole Gratin Green Bean Christmas Eve.