Greens and Grains Scramble recipe.  In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, and kosher salt; set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a sauté pan over medium heat. Add the green onion and garlic and sauté until soft, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the greens, grains, and remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sauté until the greens are wilted and the grains are warmed through, 3 to 5 minutes. Decrease the heat to low and pour in the egg mixture, gently stirring to comingle them with the greens and grains. Continue stirring until they're softly scrambled, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the chives, and season with pepper. Serve hot with a sprinkling of flaky salt on top, and crusty bread, toasted English muffins, or warm corn tortillas alongside. Greens and Grains Scramble has 335.0 calories. Greens and Grains Scramble has 15.0 grams of protein. Greens and Grains Scramble has 24.0 grams of fat. Greens and Grains Scramble has 1068.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Greens and Grains Scramble are 4 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 green onion, white and light green parts, finely chopped (about 1 tablespoon), 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 heaping cup / 240 ml well-packed chopped leafy greens (such as kale, Swiss chard leaves without ribs, or spinach), 1/2 cup / 120 ml cooked whole grains (wheat berries, farro, barley, or millet), 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, Freshly ground black pepper, Flaky salt, Crusty bread, toasted English muffins, or warm corn tortillas, for serving.This is the breakfast Sam and I probably eat most often regardless of the season. In truth, it's usually a dish we whip up as a late breakfast on weekdays when we're both working from home and most emails have been returned. It's wonderfully versatile and allows you to use up any leftover grains you have from previous meals, folding in leafy greens for a bit of color. In that sense, think of it more as a template rather than a hard-and-fast approach. Any leafy greens and most grains will work, although I veer away from small, delicate grains like amaranth because they can get lost in the dish.  Egg Leafy Green Breakfast Brunch Sauté Vegetarian Quick and Healthy Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.