Green Pipiân Mole with Chicken recipe.  In a sauté pan over moderate heat, toast the pumpkins seeds, stirring frequently and being careful not to burn them. Transfer to a small bowl to cool. Once cool, reserve about 1/4 cup of pumpkin seeds for garnish, then transfer the remaining seeds to a blender and add enough vegetable stock to cover by 1 inch. Blend on high until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and clean the blender. Place the tomatillos, epazote, hoja santa, romaine, cilantro, chiles, onion, garlic, and cumin in a blender, in that order, and blend well. If more liquid is needed, add water or broth, 1 tablespoon at a time. In a deep skillet over high heat, heat the oil until shimmering then carefully add the tomatillo mixture and fry, stirring constantly and adding broth or water as needed to achieve a sauce-like consistency, for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the pumpkin seed mixture. Mix well, then season to taste with salt. Divide the rice, chayote or zucchini, green beans, and poached chicken among 4 plates. Coat the chicken with the mole, garnish with the reserved pumpkin seeds, and serve. DO AHEAD: Leftover mole can be stored in an airtight container for 3 days in the refrigerator. Or, if frozen properly in an airtight container and wrapped in plastic and then aluminum wrap, it can be held for up to 4 months in the freezer. The ingredients of Green Pipiân Mole with Chicken are 1 cup pumpkin seeds, 1 cup vegetable stock or canned vegetable broth, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, rinsed, and quartered, 2 fresh epazote leaves, 1 fresh hoja santa leaf (root beer leaf), 2 leaves romaine lettuce, 8 sprigs fresh cilantro, 2 fresh serrano chiles, chopped, 1/4 medium onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, 1/8 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 3 teaspoons canola or vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 4 cups cooked white rice, 2 cups steamed chayote or zucchini, 2 cups steamed green beans, 4 poached skinless, boneless chicken breasts.This recipe is part of the Epicurious Online Cooking School, in partnership with the Culinary Institute of America. To watch it being made, and to learn how to make other Mexican classics, check out the video classes.  Chicken Rice Fry Poach Dinner Tomatillo Seed Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.