Green-Peppercorn Cornmeal Crackers recipe.  Whisk together flours, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, brown sugar, 2 teaspoons peppercorns, and table salt in a bowl. Blend in butter using a pastry blender or your fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add buttermilk and stir just until a dough forms. Turn dough out onto a floured surface and gently knead 6 to 8 times. Cut into 5 pieces, then chill, covered with plastic wrap, 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Mix kosher salt and remaining 2 teaspoons peppercorns in a small bowl. Roll out 1 piece of dough on a well-floured surface with a floured rolling pin into a 15- by 4-inch rectangle 1/8 inch thick). Lightly brush with egg, then prick all over with a fork. Sprinkle with about 1/2 teaspoon salt-and-pepper mixture. Cut crosswise into 12 strips and arrange 1/8 inch apart on a parchment-paper-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough. Bake, switching position of sheets halfway through, until golden-brown and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool crackers slightly, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Green-Peppercorn Cornmeal Crackers has 32.0 calories. Green-Peppercorn Cornmeal Crackers has 1.0 grams of protein. Green-Peppercorn Cornmeal Crackers has 2.0 grams of fat. Green-Peppercorn Cornmeal Crackers has 53.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green-Peppercorn Cornmeal Crackers are 3/4 cup whole-wheat flour, 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup cornmeal (preferably stone-ground), 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 4 teaspoons dried green peppercorns, coarsely crushed, divided, 1/2 teaspoon table salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2/3 cup well-shaken buttermilk, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, beaten.Cornmeal lends these crackers a golden glow and a nice crunch; lots of crushed green peppercorns (left over from Chicken Spice Rub ) provide an intriguing spiciness. Serve them with cheese or all on their own with cocktails.  Blender Bake Cocktail Party Cornmeal Engagement Party Buttermilk Gourmet.