Green Salad with Goat Cheese, Artichoke Hearts and Migas recipe. Combine artichoke hearts, 6 tablespoons oil, 2 minced garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon oregano in medium bowl. Refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours, tossing occasionally. Heat remaining 6 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add prosciutto; stir 2 minutes. Add bread pieces; stir to coat with oil. Mix in remaining 2 garlic cloves and 2 tablespoons oregano. Reduce heat to medium-low; stir until bread pieces begin to brown and are crisp on edges, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Season with pepper; sprinkle lightly with salt. Place romaine, arugula, red onion and vinegar in large bowl. Add artichoke mixture; toss to blend. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon bread mixture over center of salad. Sprinkle with goat cheese. Green Salad with Goat Cheese, Artichoke Hearts and Migas has 364.0 calories. Green Salad with Goat Cheese, Artichoke Hearts and Migas has 15.0 grams of protein. Green Salad with Goat Cheese, Artichoke Hearts and Migas has 23.0 grams of fat. Green Salad with Goat Cheese, Artichoke Hearts and Migas has 780.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Green Salad with Goat Cheese, Artichoke Hearts and Migas are 4 6.5-ounce jars marinated artichoke hearts, well drained, 12 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons minced fresh oregano, 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups), 5 cups 1/2-inch pieces crustless baguette (from one 16-ounce loaf), 6 cups lightly packed bite-size pieces romaine lettuce, 4 cups lightly packed arugula (about 2 large bunches), 2/3 cup sliced red onion, 4 tablespoons Sherry wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 1 1/2 cups crumbled soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet; about 5 ounces).Migas is the name of a popular Spanish starter of breadcrumbs fried with ham; it's typically served with fried eggs. Here, migas becomes a crouton topping for the salad.  Salad Appetizer Sauté Goat Cheese Arugula Prosciutto Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.