Grilled Shrimp Greek Salad recipe.  Prepare grill for cooking. Whisk together 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons oil, half of oregano, half of garlic, and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Gently stir tomatoes, cucumber, and onion into dressing and let stand at room temperature while grilling. Whisk together remaining 2 tablespoons lemon juice and remaining oregano and garlic in a large bowl. Stir in shrimp until well coated and marinate at room temperature 10 minutes. Lightly brush pitas and bell pepper on both sides with some oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill pitas on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until browned and slightly crisp, about 2 minutes on each side, then transfer to a rack to cool pitas will continue to crisp as they cool). Grill bell pepper until just softened, about 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Add remaining tablespoon oil to shrimp and toss to coat. Thread 4 shrimp lengthwise, each facing in same direction so shrimp will lay flat on grill), on each skewer without crowding. Season shrimp with salt and pepper. Grill shrimp until just cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side. Break pitas into bite-size pieces and coarsely chop bell pepper. Remove shrimp from skewers and gently stir into tomato mixture with pitas, bell pepper, feta, and salt and pepper to taste. Grilled Shrimp Greek Salad has 392.0 calories. Grilled Shrimp Greek Salad has 25.0 grams of protein. Grilled Shrimp Greek Salad has 25.0 grams of fat. Grilled Shrimp Greek Salad has 1112.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Shrimp Greek Salad are 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons olive oil plus additional for brushing, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1/2 English cucumber, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 lb large (20 to 24 per lb) shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 (8-inch) pita loaves (preferably pocketless), 1 yellow bell pepper, sides cut off and remainder discarded, 6 oz feta, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, Special equipment: 6 (8-inch) bamboo skewers, soaked in warm water 15 minutes.Active time: 40 min Start to finish: 40 min.  Salad Tomato Feta Shrimp Summer Grill Barbecue Gourmet.