Grilled Shrimp and Scallions with Southeast Asian Dipping Sauces recipe. In small bowl, stir together fish sauce, lime juice, and sugar. Mix well to dissolve sugar, then stir in jalapeño rings. Set aside. In small bowl, stir together soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, and cilantro. Set aside. Prepare grill for cooking: If using charcoal grill, open vents on bottom, then light charcoal. Charcoal fire is medium-hot when you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 4 to 5 seconds. If using gas grill, preheat burners on high with hood closed 10 minutes, then turn down to moderately high. Using electric spice grinder, pulse coriander seeds 2 to 3 times to crack. Alternatively, place seeds on cutting board and crush lightly with small saut pan, using gentle rocking motion.) In large bowl, combine shrimp and scallions. Drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Sprinkle with coriander, salt, and pepper and toss to coat. Thread shrimp and scallions onto skewers. Grill, turning once, until just cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Arrange on platter and serve with dipping sauces. Grilled Shrimp and Scallions with Southeast Asian Dipping Sauces has 155.0 calories. Grilled Shrimp and Scallions with Southeast Asian Dipping Sauces has 18.0 grams of protein. Grilled Shrimp and Scallions with Southeast Asian Dipping Sauces has 6.0 grams of fat. Grilled Shrimp and Scallions with Southeast Asian Dipping Sauces has 2513.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Shrimp and Scallions with Southeast Asian Dipping Sauces are 1/4 cup Asian fish sauce*, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 jalapeño chile, sliced into thin rings, 1/3 cup soy sauce, 1/4 cup unseasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds, 1 1/2 pounds colossal (under 12 per pound; about 18), or jumbo (16 to 20 per pound; about 24 to 30) shrimp, peeled with tails left intact, deveined, 9 scallions, white and light-green parts only, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly coarse-ground black pepper, Special equipment: about 10 (8-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes, *Called nuoc mam or nam pla; available at Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets..Across Southeast Asia, roadside vendors with small hibachis grill up delicious skewers and other street snacks. Inspired those fresh, tasty treats, this appetizer features grilled shrimp served with two simple yet boldly flavored dipping sauces.  Citrus Fish Ginger Herb Onion Pepper Appetizer Backyard BBQ Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.