Grilled Charmoula Quail recipe.  Break cinnamon stick in half, then finely grind cinnamon, cumin, coriander, peppercorns, and cloves together in grinder. Transfer spice mixture to a large bowl and whisk in paprika, cayenne, ginger, salt, cilantro, garlic, and oil. Add quail, turning to coat, then transfer to a large sealable plastic bag and marinate, chilled, 2 hours. Thirty minutes before cooking, prepare grill for cooking over indirect heat with medium-hot charcoal moderate heat for gas); see "Grilling Procedure," below. Arrange 2 quail on a work surface side by side, breast sides up, with drumsticks closest to you. Horizontally thread 1 skewer through drumsticks and the lower carcasses of birds. Thread a second skewer, parallel to first, through wings and upper carcasses, then arrange quail so that there is 1 inch of space between the birds. Repeat procedure on remaining quail, 2 at a time. Lightly season quail with salt, then grill on lightly oiled grill rack, covered only if using a gas grill, turning over once, 5 to 6 minutes total. Serve quail with lemon wedges. Grilled Charmoula Quail has 201.0 calories. Grilled Charmoula Quail has 7.0 grams of protein. Grilled Charmoula Quail has 18.0 grams of fat. Grilled Charmoula Quail has 302.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Charmoula Quail are 1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1/4 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 3 whole cloves, 2 tablespoons paprika (not hot), 1/2 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 8 semi-boneless quail, Special equipment: 8 (12-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in warm water 1 hour; an electric coffee/spice grinder, Accompaniment: lemon wedges.The perfume of dried spices combines with fresh cilantro to telegraph the taste of Morocco in an assertive rub that was made for the grill.  Marinate Quail Summer Grill Barbecue Clove Cilantro Seed Gourmet.