Grilled Lobster with Creamy Chili Vinaigrette recipe.  Mix first 8 ingredients in medium bowl. Whisk in 3/4 cup oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse under cold water to cool. Drain. Can be made 2 hours ahead.) Set aside. Prepare barbecue medium-low heat) or preheat broiler. Brush lobster tails with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Place lobster tails, meat side down, on grill. Grill 3 minutes. Turn over; grill until meat is opaque in center, about 5 minutes. Transfer to plate. Tent with foil. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add pasta, chives and parsley; toss until heated through. Place pasta on plates. Top with lobster. Garnish with lemon. Serve with vinaigrette. *Available at Asian markets and in many supermarkets. Grilled Lobster with Creamy Chili Vinaigrette has 2343.0 calories. Grilled Lobster with Creamy Chili Vinaigrette has 46.0 grams of protein. Grilled Lobster with Creamy Chili Vinaigrette has 193.0 grams of fat. Grilled Lobster with Creamy Chili Vinaigrette has 1569.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Lobster with Creamy Chili Vinaigrette are 1 cup mayonnaise, 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chili-garlic sauce*, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 9 ounces angel hair pasta, 2 10- to 12-ounce lobster tails (thawed if frozen), split lengthwise in half, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Lemon wedges.At Geronimo, located on eclectic Canyon Road in Santa Fe, this is served with a mixed green salad and roasted corn on the cob. The idea here is to dip the lobster meat into the spicy vinaigrette.  Dairy Herb Shellfish Backyard BBQ Dinner Mayonnaise Seafood Lobster Fall Summer Grill Barbecue Party Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.