Grilled Chicken Salad with Greens and Balsamic Dressing recipe. Whisk 1/2 cup oil, vinegar, olivada and garlic in small bowl to blend; season with salt and pepper. Place chicken in 8x8x2-inch dish; sprinkle with thyme. Pour 1/2 cup dressing over chicken; turn to coat. Whisk 2 tablespoons oil into remaining dressing in small bowl. Cover chicken and dressing separately; chill at least 4 and up to 6 hours, turning chicken occasionally. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Bring dressing to room temperature. Remove chicken from marinade; discard marinade. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to plate. Combine greens, fennel, radicchio and onion in large bowl; toss with remaining dressing. Mound on 4 plates. Slice chicken breasts lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Arrange atop salads. Garnish with figs, if desired, and pine nuts. Grilled Chicken Salad with Greens and Balsamic Dressing has 656.0 calories. Grilled Chicken Salad with Greens and Balsamic Dressing has 38.0 grams of protein. Grilled Chicken Salad with Greens and Balsamic Dressing has 50.0 grams of fat. Grilled Chicken Salad with Greens and Balsamic Dressing has 153.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Chicken Salad with Greens and Balsamic Dressing are 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons olivada, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin, 4 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, 1 4.5- to 5-ounce bag mixed baby greens, 1 small fresh fennel bulb, cored, thinly sliced, 1/2 large head radicchio, thinly sliced, 1/2cup thinly sliced red onion, 12 fresh figs, quartered (optional), Toasted pine nuts.Variations on the grilled chicken salad were everywhere in recent years. Likewise, balsamic vinegar dressings and marinades often turned up on menus, olivada (olive paste) became a pantry staple, packaged salad greens were popular convenience items, and fennel and radicchio became regulars in the produce bins.  Chicken Leafy Green Olive Poultry Fall Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.