Grilled Portobello Burgers with Piquillo Pepper Aïoli and Watercress recipe.  Puree first 4 ingredients in mini processor. Transfer to small bowl. Whisk in mayonnaise; season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover; chill. Arrange mushroom caps and onion slices on baking sheet; brush both sides with oil, then sprinkle with salt, pepper, and thyme. Turn mushrooms, gill side up, and sprinkle with garlic. Let stand at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Place mushrooms, gill side up, and onion slices on rack. Cook until grill marks appear, about 4 minutes. Turn vegetables over, transferring to cooler part of grill. Cover and cook until mushrooms are very tender and onion slices still retain some texture, about 8 minutes. Turn mushrooms, gill side up; top with cheese. Arrange rolls, cut side down, on grill. Cover; cook until cheese on mushrooms melts and cut sides of rolls are golden, about 1 minute longer. Arrange roll bottoms on plates; spread with aioli. Top each with mushroom, onion slice, and watercress. Spread cut side of roll tops with aioli; press onto watercress. Grilled Portobello Burgers with Piquillo Pepper Aïoli and Watercress has 505.0 calories. Grilled Portobello Burgers with Piquillo Pepper Aïoli and Watercress has 17.0 grams of protein. Grilled Portobello Burgers with Piquillo Pepper Aïoli and Watercress has 32.0 grams of fat. Grilled Portobello Burgers with Piquillo Pepper Aïoli and Watercress has 744.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Portobello Burgers with Piquillo Pepper Aïoli and Watercress are 1/2 cup chopped drained piquillo peppers or roasted red peppers from jar, 1 tablespoon Sherry wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1/2 cup purchased mayonnaise, Cayenne pepper, 6 large portobello mushrooms, stemmed, dark gills scraped out, 1 sweet onion (such as Vidalia or Walla Walla), cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices, Extra-virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 8 ounces Idiazábal or smoked Gouda cheese, rind trimmed, thinly sliced, 6 sourdough rolls (each about 4 inches in diameter), halved horizontally, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed.Spain's famous piquillo peppers add a sweet-spicy edge to the aioli. Idiazábal, a smoky sheep's-milk cheese from the Basque region, is great with the portobellos. If you can't find Idiazábal, substitute smoked Gouda.  Cheese Mushroom Pepper Fourth of July Vegetarian High Fiber Backyard BBQ Mayonnaise Hot Pepper Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Watercress Bon Appétit.