Grilled Salmon with Basil and Mint recipe.  Prepare grill for cooking. If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill, then light charcoal. Charcoal fire is medium-hot when you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds. If using a gas grill, preheat burners on high, covered, 10 minutes. Brush both sides of citrus slices with 1/2 tablespoon oil, then brush fish all over with 1 tablespoon oil and season with sea salt and pepper. Grill citrus slices, covered only if using a gas grill, on lightly oiled grill rack, turning over once, until grill marks appear, 2 to 3 minutes total. Transfer citrus slices to a plate, then, if using a gas grill, reduce heat to moderate. Grill fish, skin sides down, covered only if using a gas grill, until skin is crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn each piece of fish onto 1 side and grill 1 minute. Turn over onto opposite side and grill until fish is just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer fish to a platter and keep warm, covered loosely with foil. Heat basil and mint in remaining 1/4 cup oil in a heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until herbs are just wilted, about 1 minute. Serve fish with herbed oil and top with citrus slices. Grilled Salmon with Basil and Mint has 488.0 calories. Grilled Salmon with Basil and Mint has 36.0 grams of protein. Grilled Salmon with Basil and Mint has 35.0 grams of fat. Grilled Salmon with Basil and Mint has 717.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Salmon with Basil and Mint are 6 (1/4-inch-thick) lemon slices, 6 (1/4-inch-thick) lime slices, 1/4 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 6 (1-inch-thick) pieces salmon fillet with skin (6 oz each), Fine sea salt to taste, 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil, thinly sliced, 3/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint, thinly sliced.We prefer wild salmon for this recipe because it has a milder flavor and is more environmentally friendly than farmed varieties.  Quick & Easy Lemon Lime Mint Basil Salmon Summer Grill Barbecue Gourmet.