Grilled Shrimp, Corn and Black Bean Tostada Salad recipe. Place lime juice in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Mix in cilantro, jalepeño, and cumin. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine tomatoes, beans, green onions, 3/4 cup cilantro and red onion in large bowl. Dressing and salad can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover dressing and let stand at room temperature. Cover salad and refrigerate.) Prepare berbeque medium-high heat). Mix lettuce into salad. Pour 1/4 cup dressing into small bowl. Reserve remainder for salad. Brush corn with dressing from small bowl. Grill corn unril beginning to brown, turning often, about 5 minutes. Brush shrimp with dressing from small bowl and grill until opaque in center, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes. Cut kernels from corn and add to salad. Toss salad with enough dressing to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Top with shrimp. Garnish with tortilla chips and additional cilantro, if desired. Grilled Shrimp, Corn and Black Bean Tostada Salad has 3590.0 calories. Grilled Shrimp, Corn and Black Bean Tostada Salad has 570.0 grams of protein. Grilled Shrimp, Corn and Black Bean Tostada Salad has 90.0 grams of fat. Grilled Shrimp, Corn and Black Bean Tostada Salad has 23361.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Shrimp, Corn and Black Bean Tostada Salad are 5 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3/4 cup olive oil, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 1/2 tablespoons minced, seeded jalepeño chili (preferably red), 1 tablspoon ground cumin, 3 cups chopped seeded tomatoes, 1 15-ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained, 1 cup chopped green onions, 3/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3/4 cup chopped red onion, 6 cups shredded iceberg lettuce (about 1 head), 2 ears corn, husked, 24 large shrimp (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled (tails left intact, deveined, 24 large tortilla chips, Additional chopped fresh cilantro (optional).Here's a terrific salad with the bold tastes of cilantro and cumin. Cold beer is the ideal beverage go-with.  Salad Bean Onion Tomato Vegetable High Fiber Shrimp Corn Summer Cilantro Lettuce Bon Appétit.