Grilled-Fish Tacos recipe.  Very thinly slice onion crosswise into rings with slicer. Set slicer aside. Heat vinegar, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small heavy nonreactive saucepan until sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in onion, then let stand until ready to use about 25 minutes). Meanwhile, stir 1/4 cup lime juice together with cilantro, oil, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add fish and toss to coat, then marinate at room temperature 15 minutes. Whisk together mayonnaise, crema, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and remaining 3 tablespoons lime juice to make sauce. Preheat a gas grill with burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then reduce heat to medium-high. Thread each piece of fish onto a skewer discard marinade). Wrap exposed part of each skewer in heavy-duty foil to protect it from charring. Wrap tortillas in 2 foil packages and warm on grill, turning once, about 3 minutes total. Oil grill rack, then grill fish, covered, turning once, until opaque and just cooked through for mahimahi), about 6 minutes total; or until just pink in center for tuna), about 4 minutes. Very thinly slice radishes with slicer. Halve, pit, and peel avocados, then cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Drain onions. Serve fish with tortillas, crema sauce, onions, and remaining toppings. Grilled-Fish Tacos has 547.0 calories. Grilled-Fish Tacos has 22.0 grams of protein. Grilled-Fish Tacos has 34.0 grams of fat. Grilled-Fish Tacos has 284.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled-Fish Tacos are 1 medium red onion, 1/2 cup cider vinegar, 1/4 cup sugar, 7 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 1/4 pound (1-inch-thick) skinless mahimahi fillet or tuna steak, cut into 12 pieces, 2/3 cup mayonnaise, 2/3 cup crema or sour cream, 12 (6-inch) corn tortillas, 6 to 8 radishes, 1 to 2 (6- to 8-ounce) firm-ripe avocados, 4 cups thinly sliced green cabbage (1/2 small head), Equipment: an adjustable-blade slicer; 12 (6- to 8-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in water 30 minutes, Accompaniment: lime wedges.Originating in Baja California, fish tacos are now served along Mexico's coasts and in Southern California. But unlike the deep-fried versions that are so common, ours entails grilling meaty mahimahi for a smoky char that contrasts deliciously with the fresh, clean Garnishes.  Dairy Marinate Quick & Easy Dinner Lunch Tuna Avocado Radish Grill Grill Barbecue Gourmet Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.