Grilled Fish with Cilantro Chutney in Banana Leaves recipe.  Prepare grill. Finely chop ginger, garlic, chile, and coconut in a food processor. Add cilantro and mint and process until chopped. Add vinegar, sugar, and salt and blend chutney well. Cut banana leaves into 6 sheets 12 by 10 inches each). Arrange in a stack with a short side nearest you. Season fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. Spread 1 slightly rounded tablespoon cilantro chutney on top of a fillet, then invert onto center of a banana leaf, arranging fillet crosswise. Spread another slightly rounded tablespoon of chutney on top of fish. Fold bottom edge of leaf over fish and fold in sides over fish, then fold package away from you, enclosing fish. Tie package in both directions) with a 24-inch piece of kitchen string. Repeat with remaining fillets, chutney, and banana leaves. Grill fish, turning over once, until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes untie 1 package to check doneness). Cut string before serving and transfer packages to 6 plates. The banana leaves are inedible, but we think they make a nice presentation. Grilled Fish with Cilantro Chutney in Banana Leaves has 240.0 calories. Grilled Fish with Cilantro Chutney in Banana Leaves has 33.0 grams of protein. Grilled Fish with Cilantro Chutney in Banana Leaves has 3.0 grams of fat. Grilled Fish with Cilantro Chutney in Banana Leaves has 283.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Fish with Cilantro Chutney in Banana Leaves are 1 (1- by 1 1/2-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled, 5 garlic cloves, 1 fresh hot green chile such as jalapeño or serrano, trimmed, 1/2 cup chopped fresh coconut (see how to crack and peel fresh coconut ), 3 cups fresh cilantro sprigs, 1/3 cup fresh mint leaves, 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1 (1-pound) package frozen banana leaves, thawed, 6 (6-ounce) pieces white fish fillet (1 inch thick) such as wahoo, cod, or halibut, Special equipment: kitchen string.Adapted from Emerson & Green.  Food Processor Fish Ginger Quick & Easy Backyard BBQ Dinner Coconut Mint Hot Pepper Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Cilantro Gourmet Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.