Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette recipe. Heat oil and paprika in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling pan occasionally, until warm, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand until oil is cool and turns dark red, 1–1 1/2 hours. Strain paprika oil through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth into a small bowl. Mix in shallot, capers, parsley, vinegar, and red pepper flakes; season with salt. Let steaks stand at room temperature 1 hour before grilling. Prepare grill for 2-zone heat for a charcoal grill, bank coals on 1 side of grill; for a gas grill, leave 1 or 2 burners off). Rub steaks with oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook steaks over direct heat, moving to a cooler area if flare-up occurs, until charred, about 4 minutes per side. Using tongs, hold steaks vertically to sear edges bone side and fat-cap side) and render some fat, about 2 minutes per side. Grill steaks over indirect heat, turning occasionally, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 125° for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let rest 10-15 minutes. Keep charcoal grill hot.) Mix brown sugar and piment d'Espelette in a small bowl. Sprinkle over steaks and grill over direct heat until sugar is caramelized, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a cutting board and slice. Serve with vinaigrette. Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette has 759.0 calories. Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette has 43.0 grams of protein. Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette has 63.0 grams of fat. Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette has 262.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Rib Eye with Paprika Vinaigrette are 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1/3 cup coarsely chopped capers, 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 32-ounce bone-in beef rib eyes (about 2" thick), 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons piment d'Espelette or hot paprika, Special equipment: Cheesecloth.Smoky, sweet, crusty, and beefy, with charred bones to gnaw on: If this isn't a perfect steak, we don't know what is.  Beef Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Capers Paprika Bon Appétit.