Grilled Leg of Lamb with Thyme and Allspice recipe.  Mince garlic, then mash to a paste with salt. Stir together garlic paste, oil, lemon zest and juice, thyme, pepper, and allspice. Put lamb, fat side up, in a large ceramic or glass dish. Using a paring knife, make 1 1/2-inch-long slits about 2 inches deep) 2 inches apart all over leg. Reserve 1 teaspoon thyme mixture and push remainder into slits, then rub all over with reserved teaspoon of mixture. Marinate lamb, covered and chilled, 12 hours. Let lamb stand at room temperature 30 minutes before grilling. Prepare grill for indirect-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal high heat for gas). If using a gas grill, preheat all burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then turn off all burners except burner closest to you. Oil grill rack, then grill lamb over area with no coals or over turned-off burner or burners), covered, without turning, until thermometer inserted into thickest part of roast almost to the bone but not touching it) registers 125°F for medium-rare, 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours temperatures in thinner parts of leg may register up to 160°F). To maintain medium-hot charcoal, add more charcoal about 2 cups) every 15 minutes. Let lamb stand on a cutting board, uncovered, 30 minutes. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Thyme and Allspice has 835.0 calories. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Thyme and Allspice has 71.0 grams of protein. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Thyme and Allspice has 59.0 grams of fat. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Thyme and Allspice has 655.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Leg of Lamb with Thyme and Allspice are 4 large garlic cloves, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 5 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 (6 1/2- to 7-lb) bone-in leg of lamb, trimmed of all but a thin layer of fat, Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer.You can't beat the drama — not to mention the deliciousness — of a bone-in leg of lamb. Since it is a thick cut, a garlic, lemon, and spice paste is rubbed all over it and tucked deep inside to penetrate the meat; slow-cooking over indirect heat results in a crisp, smoke-infused crust and a juicy, medium-rare center.  Citrus Garlic Herb Lamb Marinate Backyard BBQ Grill Barbecue Gourmet.