Grilled Halibut with Lemongrass Tomato Sauce recipe. Cook shallots and garlic in 1 tablespoon oil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, lemongrass, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil, stirring. Reduce heat and cook at a bare simmer, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes fall apart and form a chunky sauce, about 20 minutes. Force sauce through a medium-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on and then discarding solids. Season with salt and pepper. Prepare grill for cooking. If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill, then light charcoal. Charcoal fire is medium-hot when you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds. If using a gas grill, preheat burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then reduce heat to moderate. Brush fish on both sides with remaining 2 tablespoons oil, then season with salt and pepper. Grill fish, covered only if using gas grill, on lightly oiled rack, turning over once, until just cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes total. Serve fish with sauce. Grilled Halibut with Lemongrass Tomato Sauce has 273.0 calories. Grilled Halibut with Lemongrass Tomato Sauce has 34.0 grams of protein. Grilled Halibut with Lemongrass Tomato Sauce has 10.0 grams of fat. Grilled Halibut with Lemongrass Tomato Sauce has 418.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Halibut with Lemongrass Tomato Sauce are 2 small shallots, finely chopped (2 tablespoons), 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 1/2 lbs plum tomatoes, chopped, 6 stalks fresh lemongrass, tough outer layers removed and lower 6 inches coarsely chopped, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 6 (1-inch-thick) pieces halibut steak with skin (6 oz each).If you prefer to present these halibut steaks with additional grill marks (as in the photo), you can grill the skin sides for about 1 minute each before grilling flesh.  Tomato Halibut Summer Grill Barbecue Shallot Lemongrass Gourmet.