Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce recipe. Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to high. Brush steaks with oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill steaks until cooked to desired doneness, 5-6 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a plate and let rest for 5 minutes Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large cast-iron skillet set on grill alongside steaks. Add mushrooms and shallots to skillet and stir until mushrooms are tender and browned in spots and shallots are tender, 4-5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; stir in brandy caution: Mixture may ignite). Return skillet to grill. Add broth, Dijon mustard, and thyme leaves; stir to blend. Add cream; simmer until mushroom sauce is slightly thickened, 4-5 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Spoon sauce onto plates; top each with a filet. Garnish with chives. Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce has 645.0 calories. Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce has 38.0 grams of protein. Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce has 42.0 grams of fat. Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce has 263.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Filet Mignon with Brandy Mustard Sauce are 4 6-ounce filets mignons, 1 tablespoon olive oil plus more for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces sliced mushrooms (such as button, crimini, or stemmed shiitake; about 4 1/2 cups), 2 shallots, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup), 1/2 cup brandy, 1/2 cup low-salt beef broth, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1/2 cup heavy cream, Cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives.The bite of mustard and the char of the grill amp up the flavor of tender but mild-tasting filet mignon. Be sure to have all the sauce ingredients ready to go before starting the meat. For perfect timing, add the cream to the sauce while the steaks are resting; they'll be done at the same time.  Mustard Fourth of July Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Meat Brandy Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.