Grilled Jumbo Shrimp with Lemon and Oregano recipe. Snip through shells of shrimp along middle of back using kitchen shears, exposing vein and leaving tail and adjoining segment of shell intact. Devein shrimp, leaving shells in place. Mince and mash garlic to a paste with salt using a large heavy knife or a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a blender along with lemon juice and pepper and blend until smooth. With motor running, add oil in a slow stream, blending until emulsified. Transfer dressing to a bowl and stir in chopped oregano. Prepare grill for cooking over direct heat with medium-hot charcoal moderate heat for gas). Toss shrimp with 1/4 cup dressing in a large bowl and marinate no more than 15 minutes. Texture of shrimp will change if marinated too long.) Lightly brush lemon wedges with some of remaining dressing and grill, turning over once, until grill marks appear, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a large platter. Grill shrimp on lightly oiled grill rack covered only if using a gas grill), turning over once, until just cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes total. Transfer to platter with lemons as grilled. Serve with remaining dressing. Grilled Jumbo Shrimp with Lemon and Oregano has 413.0 calories. Grilled Jumbo Shrimp with Lemon and Oregano has 31.0 grams of protein. Grilled Jumbo Shrimp with Lemon and Oregano has 29.0 grams of fat. Grilled Jumbo Shrimp with Lemon and Oregano has 1403.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Jumbo Shrimp with Lemon and Oregano are 3 lb jumbo shrimp in shell (7 or 8 per pound), 4 large garlic cloves, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 3/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh oregano (from 1 bunch), 3 lemons, each cut into 6 wedges.The citrusy dressing makes this dish a standout, and there's plenty extra to be sopped up with rice or crusty bread. Cooking shrimp in their shells keeps them juicy and tender. It all makes for casual finger food that requires plenty of napkins — which is part of the fun.  Citrus Garlic Herb Shellfish Shrimp Summer Grill Barbecue Gourmet.