Grilled Marinated Vegetables with Fresh Mozzarella recipe. Spoon 6 tablespoons oil into each of 3 small bowls. Add chopped mint to first bowl. Add basil and half of garlic to second bowl, and add dried crushed red pepper and remaining garlic to third bowl. Season each oil with salt and pepper. Combine zucchini and 2 tablespoons mint marinade in medium bowl; toss to coat. Combine eggplant and 2 tablespoons basil marinade in another bowl; toss to coat. Combine bell peppers and 2 tablespoons crushed-pepper marinade in third bowl; toss to coat. Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature, tossing occasionally.) Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Grill vegetables until just charred and tender, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes. Arrange vegetables on platter; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle each with its marinade. Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Add cheese to platter and serve. Grilled Marinated Vegetables with Fresh Mozzarella has 693.0 calories. Grilled Marinated Vegetables with Fresh Mozzarella has 23.0 grams of protein. Grilled Marinated Vegetables with Fresh Mozzarella has 47.0 grams of fat. Grilled Marinated Vegetables with Fresh Mozzarella has 452.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Marinated Vegetables with Fresh Mozzarella are 18 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint, 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, 6 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 6 medium-size zucchini (about 1 pound total), trimmed, each cut lengthwise into 4 strips, 4 medium-size Japanese eggplants (about 1 pound total), trimmed, each cut lengthwise into 4 strips, 4 medium-size red bell peppers (about 1 3/4 pounds total), stemmed, seeded, each cut lengthwise into 6 strips, 2 8-ounce balls fresh water-packed mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced.In this rendition of a classic antipasto, fresh herbs infuse the olive oil marinades, which double as dressings.  Cheese Vegetable Summer Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.