Grilled Steaks with Red Chile Sauce recipe.  Rinse chiles and remove stems, then split open and discard seeds and ribs. Heat a dry well-seasoned cast-iron skillet or heavy skillet over moderate heat, then toast chiles in batches, turning them, about 30 seconds total. Transfer chiles to a heatproof bowl and pour boiling water over them. Cover bowl and soak chiles, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 20 minutes. Reserve 2 cups soaking liquid, then drain chiles in a colander. Purée chiles, reserved soaking liquid, and roasted peppers in 2 batches in a blender until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids). Force purée through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on and discarding solids. Cook garlic, cumin, oregano, and salt in butter in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Whisk in chile mixture and simmer, whisking occasionally, until reduced to about 2 1/2 cups, 15 to 20 minutes. Add vinegar and salt to taste. Keep sauce warm, covered. Prepare grill for cooking. If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill, then light charcoal. Charcoal fire is medium-hot when you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds. If using a gas grill, preheat burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then reduce heat to moderately high. Pat steaks dry and season with salt. Grill steaks, uncovered, on lightly oiled grill rack, turning over once, 6 to 8 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer to a platter and let stand, loosely covered with foil, 5 minutes. Serve steaks with sauce. Grilled Steaks with Red Chile Sauce has 642.0 calories. Grilled Steaks with Red Chile Sauce has 41.0 grams of protein. Grilled Steaks with Red Chile Sauce has 47.0 grams of fat. Grilled Steaks with Red Chile Sauce has 515.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Steaks with Red Chile Sauce are 3 oz dried guajillo chiles guajillo chiles, 4 cups boiling-hot water, 1 (12-oz) jar roasted red peppers, drained, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and ground in an electric coffee/spice grinder, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or 3/4 teaspoon dried, crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, or to taste, 6 (3/4-inch-thick) boneless rib-eye steaks (7 to 8 oz each), Accompaniment: pickled red onions with cilantro.To learn more about this recipe, see Artful Ingredients.  Beef Pepper Backyard BBQ Vinegar Steak Bell Pepper Summer Grill Barbecue Gourmet.