Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad with Avocado Salsa, Scallion Oil, and Plum Coulis recipe. Chop enough scallions including greens) to measure about 1 1/4 cups and in a blender purée with oil and salt and pepper to taste until smooth. Pour purée through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Discard solids. Scallion oil may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring oil to room temperature before using. In a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer until just tender, about 7 minutes. In a colander drain potatoes and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Pat potatoes dry. Potatoes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Halve potatoes lengthwise. In a bowl toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Peel and devein shrimp. Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary. Pat shellfish dry and in a bowl toss with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Prepare grill. Grill potatoes, cut sides down, on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until lightly charred. Grill shrimp and scallops 2 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through and golden brown. Alternatively, sauté potatoes and shellfish in a lightly oiled non-stick skillet in batches over moderately high heat.) Spoon salsa onto centers of 6 plates and mound mesclun on top. Arrange shellfish and potatoes around salsa and greens see photograph, page 72). Drizzle shellfish and potatoes with some scallion oil and drizzle greens with some coulis. Serve remaining scallion oil and coulis on the side. Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad with Avocado Salsa, Scallion Oil, and Plum Coulis has 360.0 calories. Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad with Avocado Salsa, Scallion Oil, and Plum Coulis has 17.0 grams of protein. Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad with Avocado Salsa, Scallion Oil, and Plum Coulis has 26.0 grams of fat. Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad with Avocado Salsa, Scallion Oil, and Plum Coulis has 566.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad with Avocado Salsa, Scallion Oil, and Plum Coulis are 2 bunches scallions (about 1/2 pound), 1/2 cup olive oil, 1/2 pound fingerling potatoes or other small boiling potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3/4 pound large shrimp (about 12), 3/4 pound sea scallops (about 18), Avocado Salsa, 4 cups loosely packed mesclun (mixed baby greens; about 4 ounces), Plum Coulis. Salad Blender Potato Sauté Backyard BBQ Plum Scallop Shrimp Avocado Grill Chill Grill Barbecue Simmer Gourmet.