Grilled Avocado with Strawberry-Mango Salsa recipe. Preheat a well-oiled grill to medium-high, 300°F to 400°F. Slice the avocados in half lengthwise, and carefully remove the pit; do not peel them. In a small bowl, mix the honey with the oil. Brush the avocado flesh with this mixture, cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a cool place do not refrigerate). In a medium bowl, mix the mango and strawberries with the vinegar, orange juice, and lemon juice. Let the mixture rest for at least 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, so the flavors can blend. Grill the avocados, skin side down, for 2 to 3 minutes, until the skin begins to lightly char and take on grill marks. Brush the flesh side of the avocados again with the honey-oil mixture and place them, flesh side down, on the hot grill for another 2 or 3 minutes. With a spatula, carefully remove the avocados from the grill and place them on a bed of lettuce on a serving plate, 2 halves per person. Fill the seed cavity with mango-strawberry salsa, generously dribbling some on top of each half. Serve with a spoon to scoop out the avocado flesh and salsa. Grilled Avocado with Strawberry-Mango Salsa has 589.0 calories. Grilled Avocado with Strawberry-Mango Salsa has 5.0 grams of protein. Grilled Avocado with Strawberry-Mango Salsa has 44.0 grams of fat. Grilled Avocado with Strawberry-Mango Salsa has 18.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Avocado with Strawberry-Mango Salsa are 4 medium avocados, just turning soft, not fully ripe, 1/4 cup honey, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 medium mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1/2 pound strawberries (about 1 cup), hulled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1/3 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Leaves of lettuce, such as romaine or iceberg, to serve.Editor's note: This recipe was included with two others from our roundup of great cookbooks for Dad.  Fruit Juice Citrus Side Quick & Easy Father's Day Strawberry Mango Avocado Summer Healthy Honey Lettuce Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.