Grilled Lobster Salad with Avocado and Papaya recipe. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Place smoke chips in 8 x 6-inch foil packet with open top. Set atop coals 5 minutes before grilling lobsters. Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Working in batches, drop lobsters headfirst into water. Cover; boil 2 minutes. Transfer lobsters to work surface. Immediately split in half lengthwise, using heavy large knife. Crack claws. Arrange lobsters, cut side up, on grill. Cover; grill 6 minutes. Turn lobsters over and grill until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Remove lobster meat from shells. Cool. Cut meat into 1/2-inch pieces. Transfer to large bowl. Whisk oil and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover lobster and dressing separately; chill. Rewhisk dressing before continuing.) Add avocados, tomatoes and papaya to lobster in bowl. Pour 1/2 cup dressing over; toss. Season with salt and pepper. Toss greens in another large bowl with enough remaining dressing to coat. Divide greens among plates. Spoon lobster mixture atop greens and serve. Grilled Lobster Salad with Avocado and Papaya has 1179.0 calories. Grilled Lobster Salad with Avocado and Papaya has 137.0 grams of protein. Grilled Lobster Salad with Avocado and Papaya has 52.0 grams of fat. Grilled Lobster Salad with Avocado and Papaya has 3418.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Lobster Salad with Avocado and Papaya are 2 cups mesquite smoke chips, soaked in water 30 minutes, drained, 4 1 3/4-pound live lobsters, 9 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon minced seeded jalapeño chili, 1 tablespoon finely grated lime peel, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel, 2 avocados, halved, pitted, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 4 medium tomatoes, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 large papaya, peeled, seeded, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 10 cups mixed baby greens.Fragrant smoke from the mesquite wood chips makes a fine counterpoint to the sweetness of the lobster in this salad. Finish the meal with lemon ice drizzled with tequila, and pass a plateful of sugar cookies.  Salad Leafy Green Tomato Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Papaya Lobster Avocado Summer Grill Bon Appétit Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.