Grilled Artichokes with Sesame Dipping Sauce recipe. Whisk mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, olive oil, sesame oil, honey, lemon juice, and seasoned salt in small bowl to blend well. Cover and refrigerate until cold. Fill large bowl with cold water; add lemon juice. Cut off stem and top quarter of 1 artichoke. Bend back dark green outer leaves and snap off at artichoke base until only pale green and yellow leaves remain. Cut any dark green areas off base. Cut artichoke lengthwise into 6 wedges. Place artichoke wedges in lemon water. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Steam artichokes until tender, about 30 minutes. Cool. Remove choke and any purple-tipped leaves from center of artichoke wedges. Dipping sauce and artichokes can be prepared 1 day ahead. Keep sauce refrigerated. Cover artichokes and refrigerate.) Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Stir olive oil and minced garlic in small bowl to blend. Brush garlic oil over artichokes. Sprinkle artichokes with salt and pepper. Grill artichokes until slightly charred, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes. Transfer artichokes to platter and serve with dipping sauce. Grilled Artichokes with Sesame Dipping Sauce has 424.0 calories. Grilled Artichokes with Sesame Dipping Sauce has 6.0 grams of protein. Grilled Artichokes with Sesame Dipping Sauce has 36.0 grams of fat. Grilled Artichokes with Sesame Dipping Sauce has 646.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Artichokes with Sesame Dipping Sauce are 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons oriental sesame oil, 1 1/2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3/4 teaspoon seasoned salt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 large artichokes, 1/3 cup olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced.Toni and Lee Marteney of Kula, Maui, Hawaii, write: "Even though we live on Maui, where there are many fantastic restaurants, my husband and I always look forward to our trips to the mainland so we can eat at our favorite Southern California restaurant, Walt's Wharf in Seal Beach. All the food is superb and beautifully presented, but we always look forward to sharing the delicious grilled artichoke appetizer.".  Vegetable Vegetarian Backyard BBQ Buffet Mayonnaise Artichoke Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Honey Sesame Bon Appétit.