Grilled Salmon with Orzo, Feta, and Red Wine Vinaigrette recipe.  Prepare an outdoor grill for medium- high cooking over direct heat. Meanwhile, make the orzo salad: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the orzo and cook, stirring often, for about 8 minutes, or until just tender. Drain the orzo in a sieve and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk the vinegar, shallots, and garlic together. Gradually whisk in the olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, toss the warm orzo, spinach, tomatoes, pine nuts, and basil with the vinaigrette. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside at room temperature. To cook the salmon: Coat the salmon with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Oil the cooking grate. Place the salmon on the grill with the top right corner of each fillet facing the 2-o'clock position and cook for 4 minutes, without moving the salmon. This will help give the salmon a good sear of nice grill marks and help it release from the grate.) Using a thin metal spatula, starting at the corner of each fillet nearest you, flip the fillets over. Grill for about 2 minutes, or until the fish is opaque with a slightly rosy center when flaked in the thickest part with the tip of a small knife. Remove from the grill. Mound the salad in the center of a large serving platter or four dinner plates. Sprinkle with the feta cheese. Top with the salmon, sprinkle with the chives, and serve. Grilled Salmon with Orzo, Feta, and Red Wine Vinaigrette has 812.0 calories. Grilled Salmon with Orzo, Feta, and Red Wine Vinaigrette has 42.0 grams of protein. Grilled Salmon with Orzo, Feta, and Red Wine Vinaigrette has 55.0 grams of fat. Grilled Salmon with Orzo, Feta, and Red Wine Vinaigrette has 363.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Salmon with Orzo, Feta, and Red Wine Vinaigrette are 1 1/2 cups orzo, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces fresh baby spinach (about 3 cups not packed), 1 1/2 cups grape tomatoes, cut in half, 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted (see Kitchen Note), 1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese (4 ounces), 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, for garnish, Four 5-ounce skinless salmon fillets, Olive oil, for coating the fish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.Salmon is rich in omega-3 fatty acids, which are known to lower cholesterol, and it is about as healthy as fish can get. But that is really a side benefit to this great-tasting main-course salad. It fits into the Motivating Mondays scenario, but I would happily serve it any day of the week and for any occasion. The warm orzo salad, with crunchy pine nuts, fresh basil, tender spinach, and tangy feta, is also good on its own. The salmon can also be cooked in a ridged grill pan.  Fish Pasta Quick & Easy Backyard BBQ Dinner Vinegar Feta Seafood Salmon Grill Grill Barbecue Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.