Grilled Pimiento Cheese and Fried Green Tomato Sandwich (GPC) recipe.  Mix mozzarella, cheddar, mayonnaise, cream cheese, roasted pepper, hot sauce, and garlic powder in a medium bowl; season with salt. Place tomatoes on a large paper towel–lined baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Whisk eggs and hot sauce in a shallow medium bowl. Whisk flour, garlic powder, and paprika in another shallow medium bowl. Place panko in a third shallow medium bowl. Using paper towels, pat tomatoes dry. Working in batches, dredge in flour mixture, shaking off excess. Coat with egg mixture, allowing excess to drip back into bowl. Coat with panko, pressing to adhere. Pour oil into a large deep skillet to a depth of 1" and heat over medium heat until thermometer registers 350°. Working in batches, fry tomatoes, turning halfway through, until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer to a paper towel–lined baking sheet to drain. Meanwhile, preheat broiler. Spread cut sides of each roll with pimiento cheese. Place rolls, pimiento cheese side up, on a baking sheet and broil until cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Build sandwiches with rolls, cooked bacon, and fried green tomatoes. DO AHEAD: Pimiento cheese can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. The ingredients of Grilled Pimiento Cheese and Fried Green Tomato Sandwich (GPC) are 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella, 3/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped roasted red pepper, 1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt, 2 large green tomatoes, sliced 1/3" thick, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), Vegetable oil (for frying; about 3 cups), 4 ciabatta rolls, split, 8 slices bacon, cooked until crisp, Special equipment: A deep-fry thermometer.We love the way this recipe revamps a standard BLT.  Sandwich Cheese Tomato Fry Dinner Lunch Cheddar Mozzarella Bacon Bon Appétit.