Grilled Hoisin-Marinated Butterflied Leg of Lamb recipe. In a bowl whisk together hoisin sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, minces scallion, honey, and salt. Trim as much remaining fat as possible from lamb and in a shallow dish large enough to hold lamb flat spread marinade over both sides of it. Marinate lamb, covered and chilled, at least 4 hours or overnight. Prepare grill. Bring lamb to room temperature and grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 12 to 15 minutes on each side, or until meat thermometer registers 140°F. for medium-rate meat. Alternatively, lamb may be broiled under preheated broiler about 4 inches from heat for approximately the same time on each side as for grilling.) Transfer lamb to a cutting board and let stand 20 minutes before carving. Holding a sharp knife at a 45° angle, cut lamb across grain into thin slices. If planning to make lamb salad, reserve one-third unsliced lamb, covered and chilled.) Trim roots and green parts from scallions, leaving about 2 1/2-inch stalks. Make 1/2-inch lengthwise cuts at both ends of stalks and spread fringed ends gently. Put scallions in a bowl of ice and cold water and chill 2 hours, or until fringed ends have curled. Drain scallions well. Garnish lamb with scallion brushes and serve with eggplant. Grilled Hoisin-Marinated Butterflied Leg of Lamb has 1737.0 calories. Grilled Hoisin-Marinated Butterflied Leg of Lamb has 148.0 grams of protein. Grilled Hoisin-Marinated Butterflied Leg of Lamb has 115.0 grams of fat. Grilled Hoisin-Marinated Butterflied Leg of Lamb has 1525.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Hoisin-Marinated Butterflied Leg of Lamb are 1/3 cup hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned), 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1/4 cup minced scallions, 1 tablespoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt, a 6 1/2- to 7 1/2-pound whole leg of lamb, trimmed, boned, and butterflied (4 1/2 to 5 1/2 pounds boneless), scallion brushes, Accompaniment:Broiled Eggplant with Garlic Sauce.This recipe is needed to prepare Minted Lamb and Sugar Snap Pea Salad .  Garlic Lamb Broil Marinate Backyard BBQ Summer Grill Chill Grill Barbecue Gourmet.