Grilled Lemon Chicken Salad with Dill Cream Dressing recipe. Combine 1/2 cup dill, 1/2 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, shallot, and 2 teaspoons lemon peel in large bowl; whisk to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Add chicken and stir to coat. Marinate at room temperature 1 hour or chill up to 8 hours, turning chicken occasionally. Combine mayonnaise, sour cream, 1/4 cup dill, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and 1 teaspoon peel in small bowl; whisk to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill until ready to use. Steam potatoes until just tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to large bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Combine zucchini slices and 2 tablespoons olive oil in medium bowl. Sprinkle with salt; toss to coat. Heat grill pan or large ridged cast-iron skillet over high heat until very hot, about 4 minutes. Working in batches, grill zucchini slices until just crisp-tender, about 1 minute per side; transfer to plate. Grill chicken until brown and cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer to work surface; cool 15 minutes. Cut chicken into 1/2-inch cubes; add to potatoes in bowl. Mix in celery, olives, and dressing; season with salt and pepper. Overlap zucchini slices around edge of platter. Mound chicken salad in center. Grilled Lemon Chicken Salad with Dill Cream Dressing has 617.0 calories. Grilled Lemon Chicken Salad with Dill Cream Dressing has 49.0 grams of protein. Grilled Lemon Chicken Salad with Dill Cream Dressing has 37.0 grams of fat. Grilled Lemon Chicken Salad with Dill Cream Dressing has 307.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Lemon Chicken Salad with Dill Cream Dressing are 3/4 cup chopped fresh dill, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 3 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 4 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 pound red-skinned potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 pound medium zucchini, cut on diagonal into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 3 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 1 cup coarsely chopped pitted large green Sicilian olives or other brine-cured green olives.A grill pan is just the thing for cooking the chicken and zucchini in this recipe.  Salad Chicken Olive Potato Marinate Picnic Lunch Lemon Zucchini Summer Grill Barbecue Sour Cream Dill Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.