Grilled Leg of Lamb with Ancho Chile Marinade recipe. Combine wine, oil, garlic, 3 tablespoons oregano, ancho chile powder, lemon juice, 1 green onion, sugar, salt, and pepper in blender. Blend mixture until smooth. Transfer marinade to 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Add lamb and turn to coat evenly. Cover dish tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Grill lamb with some of marinade still clinging to surface until lamb is cooked to desired doneness, 15 to 16 minutes per side for medium-rare 130°F). Transfer lamb to carving board. Let lamb rest 15 minutes. Meanwhile, finely chop remaining green onion and 1 tablespoon oregano leaves; combine in small bowl. Thinly slice lamb across grain. Arrange lamb slices on platter. Pour over any accumulated juices. Sprinkle with onion-oregano mixture and serve. * Available in the spice section of many supermarkets and at Latin markets. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Ancho Chile Marinade has 509.0 calories. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Ancho Chile Marinade has 38.0 grams of protein. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Ancho Chile Marinade has 36.0 grams of fat. Grilled Leg of Lamb with Ancho Chile Marinade has 798.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Leg of Lamb with Ancho Chile Marinade are 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 4 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, divided, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder*, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 green onions, divided, 1 tablespoon (packed) dark brown sugar, 2 1/2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 2 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 1/2-pound boneless leg of lamb, opened flat like a book, trimmed of all fat and sinew (3 1/2 pounds after trimming).This smoky grilled meat will be a delicious addition to your barbecue repertoire. For a casual party, serve the lamb with grilled pita bread, grilled eggplant, and tzatziki so that guests can make their own Greek-inspired sandwiches. Timing note: The lamb needs to marinate overnight.  Lamb Marinate Low Cal Backyard BBQ Dinner Grill Chill Grill Barbecue Party Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.