Grilled Brined Chicken with Chimichurri Sauce recipe.  Bring 2 cups water, 1/4 cup salt, and pickling spice to boil in large saucepan, stirring until salt dissolves. Remove from heat; add 6 cups water and honey. Cool brine to room temperature. Add chicken to brine; let soak 1 hour at room temperature. Remove chicken from brine and rinse with cold water; discard brine. Pat chicken dry with paper towels. Place chicken in 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Combine 1/2 cup olive oil, shallot, basil, parsley, rosemary, thyme, and garlic in processor. Blend until herb mixture is finely chopped. Rub herb mixture all over chicken; cover and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. Place all ingredients in processor; puree until almost smooth. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD:Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Rub excess marinade off chicken, leaving some marinade still clinging. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Grill chicken covered until cooked through, turning occasionally, about 30 minutes. Transfer chicken to platter. Spoon some chimichurri over. Pass remaining chimichurri. Grilled Brined Chicken with Chimichurri Sauce has 1511.0 calories. Grilled Brined Chicken with Chimichurri Sauce has 96.0 grams of protein. Grilled Brined Chicken with Chimichurri Sauce has 118.0 grams of fat. Grilled Brined Chicken with Chimichurri Sauce has 3097.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Brined Chicken with Chimichurri Sauce are 1/4 cup fine sea salt, 2 teaspoons pickling spice, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 4 1/2-pound whole chicken (preferably organic), backbone removed and discarded, chicken quartered, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil, 1/3 cup coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 large garlic clove, peeled, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1/2 garlic clove, peeled, Pinch of dried crushed red pepper.At John J. Jeffries, the chicken is served with seasonal heirloom tomatoes, arugula, and watercress. Ask the butcher to quarter the chicken and remove the backbone. Start preparing the recipe at least seven hours ahead.  Chicken Backyard BBQ Dinner Basil Summer Grill Brine Grill Barbecue Parsley Bon Appétit Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.