Grilled Lamb Chops with Porcini Mustard recipe. Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal medium-high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Soak mushrooms in boiling-hot water 2 cups) until softened, about 20 minutes. Lift mushrooms out of water and strain liquid through a paper-towel-lined sieve set over a small saucepan. Coarsely chop mushrooms. Boil mushroom liquid in saucepan until reduced to about 1/4 cup, 13 to 15 minutes. Whisk in mustard, butter, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper and simmer until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in mushrooms. Transfer to a small bowl and cool slightly. Stir in 2 tablespoon parsley. Meanwhile, pulse rosemary, kosher salt, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a food processor to form a coarse paste, scraping down sides. Rub oil all over chops, then coat evenly with rosemary mixture. Oil grill rack, then grill chops in 2 batches, covered only if using a gas grill, turning once, 4 to 6 minutes per batch for medium-rare. Sprinkle porcini mustard with remaining tablespoon parsley and serve with lamb. Avignonesi Rosso di Toscana '05 Grilled Lamb Chops with Porcini Mustard has 24117.0 calories. Grilled Lamb Chops with Porcini Mustard has 940.0 grams of protein. Grilled Lamb Chops with Porcini Mustard has 2228.0 grams of fat. Grilled Lamb Chops with Porcini Mustard has 4382.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Lamb Chops with Porcini Mustard are 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, 2 cups boiling-hot water, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley, divided, 2 tablespoons rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 7 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 24 rib lamb chops (about 3/4 inch thick; 4 1/2 to 5 pounds total), frenched if desired.Rubbed all over with a mixture of garlic, fresh rosemary, salt, and pepper, then grilled, these chops are so good that you might imagine they need no further embellishment—until you try them with a dab of the pungent porcini mustard. For tips on how to cut a rack of lamb into chops.  Lamb Mushroom Mustard Quick & Easy Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Lamb Chop Grill Grill Barbecue Gourmet Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.