Grilled Portobello and Red Bell Pepper Salad with Rosemary Dressing recipe. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Brush both sides of portobello mushrooms with 1/3 cup olive oil. Place whole mushrooms and whole red bell peppers on grill rack. Grill until mushrooms are tender and bell peppers are blackened on all sides, turning occasionally, about 20 minutes for mushrooms and 25 minutes for bell peppers. Transfer mushrooms to plate. Enclose bell peppers in paper bag. Let stand 10 minutes. Peel and seed peppers. Cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Cut mushrooms into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Season mushrooms and peppers to taste with salt and pepper. Combine 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, chopped fresh rosemary and garlic clove in food processor. With machine running, gradually add remaining 1/3 cup olive oil and process until well blended. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Arrange mixed baby greens on large platter. Top with portobello mushroom strips, then red bell pepper strips. Drizzle dressing over and serve. Grilled Portobello and Red Bell Pepper Salad with Rosemary Dressing has 347.0 calories. Grilled Portobello and Red Bell Pepper Salad with Rosemary Dressing has 17.0 grams of protein. Grilled Portobello and Red Bell Pepper Salad with Rosemary Dressing has 21.0 grams of fat. Grilled Portobello and Red Bell Pepper Salad with Rosemary Dressing has 75.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Portobello and Red Bell Pepper Salad with Rosemary Dressing are 7 large portobello mushrooms (about 2 pounds total), stemmed, 2/3 cup olive oil, 2 large red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 1 4- to 5-ounce package mixed baby greens.Offer the salad with grilled steaks and some bread for mopping up the juices.  Salad Food Processor Mushroom Appetizer Side Bell Pepper Summer Grill Barbecue Vegan Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.