Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce recipe. In a sieve set over a bowl drain yogurt, covered and chilled, 2 hours. In a dry small heavy skillet toast cumin seeds over moderate heat, shaking skillet frequently, until a shade darker, 2 to 3 minutes. Cool cumin seeds and with a mortar and pestle or in an electric coffee/spice grinder coarsely grind. Finely grate carrots into a bowl and stir in yogurt, cumin, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Sauce may be made 8 hours ahead and chilled. Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. In a bowl dissolve salt in water. Marinate wings in brine, covered and chilled, stirring occasionally, at least 2 hours and up to 24. Prepare grill. In a colander drain wings and rinse well. Pat wings dry and in a bowl rub garam masala and oil onto wings. Grill wings on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until cooked through and golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes on each side. Serve wings with sauce. Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce has 520.0 calories. Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce has 43.0 grams of protein. Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce has 35.0 grams of fat. Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce has 15300.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Indian-Style Chicken Wings with Carrot-Cumin Yogurt Sauce are 2 cups plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 carrots, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 pounds chicken wings (12 to 14), 1 cup coarse salt, 2 cups water, 1 1/2 tablespoons garam masala (Indian spice mix) such as Frontier brand, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil.Some advance preparation is required for these wings: The yogurt needs to drain for 2 hours and the wings need to marinate for at least 2 hours.  Chicken Appetizer Cocktail Party Super Bowl Yogurt Backyard BBQ Carrot Summer Poker Game Night Grill Grill Barbecue Gourmet Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.