Grill-Roasted Clam Linguine recipe.  Heat olive oil in small deep saucepan over medium-low heat. Add garlic, 3/4 teaspoon lemon peel, and crushed red pepper. Sauté until garlic is soft, about 3 minutes. Add wine, increase heat, and boil until mixture is reduced to 1 cup, about 6 minutes. Remove sauce from heat; mix in lemon juice, anchovies, 1 tablespoon parsley, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon lemon peel. Season with coarse salt. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm before using. Prepare barbecue high heat). Arrange clams on grill rack. Cover grill. Cook clams 5 minutes. Uncover and cook without turning until clams open. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet as they open, retaining juices in shells, about 5 minutes longer discard any clams that do not open). Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain pasta and divide among 4 large shallow bowls. Arrange 12 clams in shells with juices on pasta in each bowl. Spoon sauce over. Garnish with lemon wedges and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon parsley. Grill-Roasted Clam Linguine has 606.0 calories. Grill-Roasted Clam Linguine has 28.0 grams of protein. Grill-Roasted Clam Linguine has 16.0 grams of fat. Grill-Roasted Clam Linguine has 766.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grill-Roasted Clam Linguine are 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, divided, 3/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 1/3 cups Sauvignon Blanc or other non-oaky white wine, 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 canned anchovy fillets, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided, Coarse kosher salt, 4 dozen small clams (such as littleneck), scrubbed, 12 ounces linguine, Lemon wedges (for garnish).Clams cooked in the shell pop open on the grill, just like they do when steamed. And there's a bonus for the cook: No big, heavy pot is needed.  Fish Garlic Pasta Shellfish Sauté Backyard BBQ Seafood Clam Summer Grill Barbecue Noodle Bon Appétit.