Grilled T-Bone Steaks with Balsamic Onion Confit recipe.  To make the onions, melt the butter in a nonstick large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and salt and stir well. Add 1 cup water. Cook, stirring often, until the water evaporates and the onions are softened, about 20 minutes. Stir another cup of water into the onions. Cook, stirring often, until the water evaporates and the onions are tender and beginning to brown, about 20 minutes more. Stir in the vinegar and honey. Cook, stirring often to avoid scorching, until the onions are caramelized and the liquids are syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover the skillet to keep the onions warm. Meanwhile, prepare a hot fire in an outdoor grill. Season the steaks with the salt and pepper and let stand at room temperature while the grill heats. Lightly oil the grill grate. Place the steaks on the grill and cover. Grill, turning after 3 1/2 minutes, until the tops of the steaks feel somewhat firmer than raw when pressed with a finger, about 7 minutes for medium-rare steak. Transfer each steak to a dinner plate. Top with a heap of onions and serve at once. Grilled T-Bone Steaks with Balsamic Onion Confit has 1035.0 calories. Grilled T-Bone Steaks with Balsamic Onion Confit has 81.0 grams of protein. Grilled T-Bone Steaks with Balsamic Onion Confit has 66.0 grams of fat. Grilled T-Bone Steaks with Balsamic Onion Confit has 511.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled T-Bone Steaks with Balsamic Onion Confit are 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 large onions, peeled and sliced about 1/2 inch thick, Pinch of salt, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, preferably acacia honey, 4 14-ounce T-bone steaks, 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper.There aren't many dishes more satisfying than a sizzling steak with a full complement of savory side dishes. Alex Rodriguez likes his sides tasty and free of unnecessary fat and calories. This slow-cooked confit (a French culinary term referring to an ingredient slowly cooked in its own juices) fits the bill, and leftovers can be refrigerated for the next day. Add some steamed spinach and oven-roasted sweet potatoes as a well-balanced complement to the steaks, and you've got a dinner that knocks it out of the park.  Onion Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Vinegar Steak Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.