Grilled Baby Back Pork Ribs with Mustard-Bourbon Sauce recipe. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-low heat. Add green onions, white onions and garlic and sauté until tender, about 15 minutes. Mix in all remaining ingredients, adding bourbon last. Simmer sauce until thick and reduced to 7 cups, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Sauce can be prepared 2 weeks ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Mix first 7 ingredients in medium bowl. Rub spice mixture over both sides of rib racks. Arrange ribs on large baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Cut rib racks into 4- to 6-rib sections. Arrange ribs on barbecue. Grill until meat is tender, occasionally turning ribs with tongs, about 40 minutes. Using tongs, transfer ribs to work surface. Cut rib sections between bones into individual ribs. Arrange on clean baking sheet. Transfer 3 cups sauce to small bowl; place remaining sauce in small saucepan and reserve. Brush ribs with sauce from bowl. Return ribs to barbecue. Place pan of reserved sauce at edge of barbecue to rewarm. Grill ribs until brown and crisp on edges, brushing with more sauce from bowl and turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. Serve ribs with warm sauce. Grilled Baby Back Pork Ribs with Mustard-Bourbon Sauce has 2335.0 calories. Grilled Baby Back Pork Ribs with Mustard-Bourbon Sauce has 140.0 grams of protein. Grilled Baby Back Pork Ribs with Mustard-Bourbon Sauce has 120.0 grams of fat. Grilled Baby Back Pork Ribs with Mustard-Bourbon Sauce has 4200.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Baby Back Pork Ribs with Mustard-Bourbon Sauce are 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 bunches green onions, chopped, 2 cups chopped white onions, 8 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar, 1 cup ketchup, 1 cup tomato paste (about 9 ounces), 1 cup whole grain Dijon mustard, 1 cup water, 1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar, 1/2 cup apple juice, 1 large dried ancho chili, stemmed, seeded, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 1/2 cups bourbon, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 6 pounds baby back pork ribs (about 3 whole racks).Sometimes baby back ribs are sold in sections of four to six ribs rather than as whole racks; those will also work here. Begin preparing the ribs a day before serving so that they can chill overnight after the spice rub has been applied.  Garlic Mustard Onion Pork Tomato Backyard BBQ Summer Tailgating Grill Barbecue Party Bon Appétit.