Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Sandwiches with Tarragon Mayonnaise recipe. Blend first 3 ingredients in bowl; season mayonnaise with salt and pepper. Using meat mallet, flatten chicken breast halves in plastic bag to 1/2-inch thickness; cut chicken crosswise in half. Place on sheet of foil. Brush chicken with 1 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with half of garlic, then salt and pepper. Place zucchini and onion slices on sheet of foil and brush with remaining 2 tablespoons oil; sprinkle with remaining garlic, then salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Grill chicken pieces until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to work surface. Grill vegetables until softened slightly and charred, about 7 minutes per side for onion and 5 minutes per side for zucchini. Transfer to work surface. Grill rolls until toasted, about 2 minutes per side. Spread tarragon mayonnaise on roll bottoms; top with 1 chicken piece, 1/4 of grilled vegetables, and 2 tomato slices. Cover with roll tops. Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Sandwiches with Tarragon Mayonnaise has 500.0 calories. Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Sandwiches with Tarragon Mayonnaise has 14.0 grams of protein. Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Sandwiches with Tarragon Mayonnaise has 30.0 grams of fat. Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Sandwiches with Tarragon Mayonnaise has 659.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Sandwiches with Tarragon Mayonnaise are 3/4 cup reduced-fat mayonnaise, 1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon, 4 teaspoons tarragon vinegar, 2 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 3 medium zucchini, trimmed, cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-thick slices, 1 large red onion, cut into1/3-inch-thick slices, 4 kaiser rolls, split horizontally, 8 tomato slices.Carey Paquette of Arlington, Virginia, writes: "My boyfriend and I cook almost every night as a way to unwind. It's nice to come home after a hectic day and make dinner together rather than pull something prepackaged out of the freezer. One of our favorite things is grilled vegetables. I'm always adding them to meals, since they don't need a lot of preparation. They're the key ingredients in my popular chicken sandwiches.".  Sandwich Chicken Herb Poultry Vegetable Picnic Super Bowl Lunch Mayonnaise Zucchini Summer Tailgating Grill Barbecue Tarragon Bon Appétit Virginia Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.