Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors recipe.  Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Whisk together olive oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and ginger. Combine coriander seeds, white peppercorns, and kosher salt in a small bowl. Rub vegetable oil all over tuna, then coat with spice mixture, pressing gently to help it adhere. Oil grill rack, then grill tuna, covered only if using a gas grill, turning onto all sides, until seared on all sides but still very rare inside, 6 to 8 minutes total. Transfer tuna to a cutting board and cut across the grain into 8 slices. Julienne jicama using an adjustable-blade slicer fitted with 1/8-inch julienne attachment or using a knife. Toss watercress and jicama with enough dressing to coat, then season with salt and pepper. Serve tuna over salad, sprinkled with scallions. Serve remaining dressing on the side. Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors has 424.0 calories. Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors has 31.0 grams of protein. Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors has 26.0 grams of fat. Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors has 1739.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Tuna and Watercress Salad with Asian Flavors are 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned), 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, coarsely crushed, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, coarsely crushed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 (1-pound) sushi-grade tuna steak (about 2 inches thick), 1 pound jicama, peeled, 2 bunches watercress (10 ounces), tough stems discarded, 2 scallions, very thinly sliced.Searing the tuna well on the outside but leaving it rare on the inside gives you a lovely contrast between the two textures. That said, if you like your tuna cooked through, the salad will still be delicious.  Salad Quick & Easy Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Tuna Grill Grill Barbecue Healthy Watercress Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.