Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks with Black Bean Sauce recipe. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Stir flour and 1 tablespoon room-temperature butter in small bowl to paste. Boil wine and shallot in heavy medium saucepan until slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Add cream and black beans and return to boil. Whisk in flour paste; simmer until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to low. Add chilled butter 1 piece at a time, whisking until butter melts before adding next piece. Whisk in lemon juice. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Remove from heat; cover to keep warm. Sprinkle steaks on both sides with crushed peppercorns and salt. Grill 5 minutes, then turn and grill to desired doneness, about 4 minutes for medium-rare. Serve steaks with sauce. *Available at Asian markets, specialty foods stores and some supermarkets. **Sometimes called wild pepper, Szechuan peppercorns are available at Asian markets and some specialty foods stores. Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks with Black Bean Sauce has 594.0 calories. Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks with Black Bean Sauce has 12.0 grams of protein. Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks with Black Bean Sauce has 59.0 grams of fat. Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks with Black Bean Sauce has 55.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Rib-Eye Steaks with Black Bean Sauce are 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup whipping cream, 1/4 cup Asian fermented black beans,* minced (about 1 ounce), 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 6 8- to 10-ounce rib-eye steaks (each about 3/4 inch thick), 2 tablespoons finely crushed Szechuan peppercorns ** or 1 tablespoon coarsely cracked black pepper.Indigo's chef and owner is Glenn Chu, who was born in Hawaii and learned to cook from his Chinese grandmother — and by watching Julia Child on television. The result: Eurasian cuisine, which Chu showcases in selections as eclectic as goat cheese wontons with four-fruit sauce, and grilled shrimp with Thai macadamia-nut pesto. The romantic dining room has a tropical-island motif, with ceiling fans, bamboo, and bird-of-paradise.  Milk Cream Beef Quick & Easy Fall Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit.