Grilled Sausage Sandwiches with Fennel and Sweet Onion recipe. Uncoil sausage and cut into 4 equal lengths. Re-coil each piece into a round and secure with a skewer horizontally through coil. Toss together fennel, onion, oil, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Lightly oil grill pan and heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Arrange sausages and fennel and onion in grill pan vegetables can be in a shallow pile). Grill, turning sausages over once and tossing vegetables occasionally, until vegetables are softened and charred, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a bowl and continue to grill sausages until cooked through, 2 to 5 minutes more. Remove skewers and serve sausages, topped with fennel and onion, on buns. Grilled Sausage Sandwiches with Fennel and Sweet Onion has 577.0 calories. Grilled Sausage Sandwiches with Fennel and Sweet Onion has 21.0 grams of protein. Grilled Sausage Sandwiches with Fennel and Sweet Onion has 42.0 grams of fat. Grilled Sausage Sandwiches with Fennel and Sweet Onion has 1187.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Sausage Sandwiches with Fennel and Sweet Onion are 1 lb coiled thin Italian sausage (sometimes called luganega), 1/2 fennel bulb (sometimes labeled "anise"), thinly sliced, 1/2 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia or Walla Walla, thinly sliced, 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon black pepper, 4 hamburger buns, Special equipment: 4 (6- to 8-inch) wooden skewers; a large (2-burner) well-seasoned ridged grill pan (preferably cast iron), Accompaniment: mustard.Frances Foley—mother of Gourmet's freelance photography assistant, Stephanie Foley—found that when she grilled an entire coil of Italian sausage, everyone clamored for the well-browned outer ring. Rather than draw straws, Mrs. Foley now grills individual small coils so each person gets their own crispy edge to savor. We've used her method as the basis for these meaty sandwiches, and piled on some of our own quick-cooking toppings.  Sandwich Onion Fourth of July Super Bowl Sausage Fennel Summer Tailgating Grill Barbecue Gourmet.