Grilled Lemon-Coriander Chicken recipe.  Purée cilantro, oil, shallots, garlic, lemon zest and juice, chile, coriander, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until it forms a paste. Leave any fat in opening of chicken cavity and sprinkle cavity with pepper and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Starting at cavity end, gently slide an index finger between skin and flesh of breast and legs to loosen skin be careful not to tear skin). Using a small spoon, slide cilantro purée under skin over breast and drumsticks, using your finger on outside of skin to push purée out of spoon and distribute evenly. Tie legs together with kitchen string and tuck wing tips under. Brush outside of chicken all over with butter. Prepare grill for cooking over indirect heat with medium-hot charcoal moderate heat for gas); see "<"">Grilling Procedure< >." To cook chicken using a charcoal grill: Lightly oil grill rack, then put chicken on rack with no coals directly underneath and cook, covered with lid, until thermometer inserted into fleshy part of thigh do not touch bone) registers 170°F, 40 to 50 minutes. Add more briquettes during grilling if necessary to maintain heat.) Transfer chicken to a platter and let stand 15 minutes. To cook chicken using a gas grill: Lightly oil grill rack, then put chicken above shut-off burner. Grill, covered with lid, turning chicken 180 degrees halfway through cooking if using a 2-burner grill, until thermometer inserted into fleshy part of thigh do not touch bone) registers 170°F, 35 to 45 minutes. Grilled Lemon-Coriander Chicken has 963.0 calories. Grilled Lemon-Coriander Chicken has 70.0 grams of protein. Grilled Lemon-Coriander Chicken has 72.0 grams of fat. Grilled Lemon-Coriander Chicken has 702.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Lemon-Coriander Chicken are 3/4 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro sprigs, 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped (1/2 cup), 1 large garlic clove, chopped, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon <"">zest<, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 fresh serrano chile, minced, including seeds, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1 (3- to 3 1/2-lb) chicken, rinsed and patted dry, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Special equipment: kitchen string; a large chimney starter (if using charcoal); an instant-read thermometer.Grilling a whole chicken cuts down on prep time and makes for a dramatic presentation. A purée made from fresh herbs, garlic, and chile spread under the skin of the bird keeps the meat moist.  Chicken Citrus Quick & Easy Hot Pepper Summer Grill Barbecue Healthy Shallot Cilantro Gourmet.