Grilled Leg of Lamb with Rosemary, Garlic, and Mustard recipe.  Open lamb like book on work surface. Using tip of small knife, make 1/2-inch-deep slits all over lamb. Thinly slice 4 garlic cloves. Insert garlic slices into slits in lamb. Combine remaining 4 garlic cloves, mustard, olive oil, white wine, rosemary, and lemon juice in processor. Blend until coarse puree forms. Spread underside of lamb with half of puree. Place lamb, seasoned side down, in 15 x 10 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Spread remaining puree over top of lamb. Cover lamb with plastic wrap and chill overnight. Let lamb stand at room temperature 2 hours. Coat grill rack with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Sprinkle lamb generously with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill lamb to desired doneness, about 17 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer lamb to cutting board; let rest 10 to 20 minutes. Thinly slice lamb against grain. Overlap slices on platter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Garnish with fresh herb sprigs. Syrah would be delicious with the grilled lamb. Mix things up by skipping California and Australian Syrahs and going with an Italian Syrah instead. One to try: the velvety, full-bodied 2006 Villa Pillo Syrah Toscana $16, Italy). The ingredients of Grilled Leg of Lamb with Rosemary, Garlic, and Mustard are 1 well-trimmed 6-pound boneless leg of lamb, butterflied to even 2-inch thickness, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, divided, 1/2 cup whole grain Dijon mustard, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, Fresh rosemary sprigs and fresh Italian parsley sprigs.What makes this entrée so flavorful? Tucking garlic slices into the lamb and covering the meat with a puree made of garlic, Dijon mustard, rosemary, and lemon.  Garlic Lamb Mustard Easter Low Cal Backyard BBQ Dinner Rosemary Family Reunion Grill Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.