Grilled Chicken with Shredded Mesclun Salad recipe.  Whisk together lime juice, honey, red pepper flakes, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and add oil in a slow stream, whisking. Transfer chicken to a 1-gallon sealable plastic bag and add 1/3 cup lime vinaigrette, then seal bag. Marinate chicken at room temperature 15 minutes. Transfer another 1/3 cup lime vinaigrette to a bowl, stir in tomatoes and shallots, and marinate until chicken is finished cooking. Transfer another 1/3 cup lime vinaigrette to a large bowl and set aside for cooked chicken. Put remaining lime vinaigrette in a small airtight container and reserve for lettuce wraps recipe follows). Remove chicken from bag, discarding marinade, and sprinkle all over with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Open vents on bottom of grill and on lid. Light a large chimney starter of charcoal briquettes 80 to 100) and pour them evenly over 1 side of bottom rack you will have a double or triple layer of briquettes). When charcoal turns grayish white after 15 to 20 minutes) and you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds, sear chicken breasts, starting with skin sides down, on a lightly oiled rack over coals, uncovered, turning once, until well browned, 5 to 6 minutes total. Move browned chicken breasts to side of grill with no coals and cook, covered with lid, turning over occasionally, until just cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes more. Preheat all burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then adjust heat to moderately high. Sear chicken on lightly oiled grill rack, covered with lid, turning frequently, until well browned, about 6 minutes total. Turn off 1 burner middle burner if there are 3) and arrange all seared chicken on rack above shut-off burner. Cook seared chicken, covered with lid, turning over once, until just cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer hot grilled chicken to large bowl with lime vinaigrette and turn to coat. Leave in bowl 5 minutes, then transfer to a platter and loosely cover with foil. Toss together mesclun, basil, tomato mixture, and salt to taste. Drizzle some lime vinaigrette from bowl over chicken and serve with mesclun salad. Grilled Chicken with Shredded Mesclun Salad has 1223.0 calories. Grilled Chicken with Shredded Mesclun Salad has 84.0 grams of protein. Grilled Chicken with Shredded Mesclun Salad has 91.0 grams of fat. Grilled Chicken with Shredded Mesclun Salad has 1581.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Chicken with Shredded Mesclun Salad are 1/2 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon mild honey, 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 2 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1 cup olive oil, 6 chicken breast halves with skin and bones (3 lb total), 2 large tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (2 cups), 2 medium shallots, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise (1/2 cup), 8 oz mesclun, thinly sliced (6 cups), 1 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced.This recipe serves 4 as a main course if you set aside 2 chicken breasts for another meal. Otherwise, it serves 6.  Salad Chicken Leafy Green Tomato Lime Basil Summer Grill Barbecue Shallot Gourmet.