Grilled Steak, Vegetable, and Quinoa Salad With Yogurt-Tahini Dressing recipe.  Whisk oil, vinegar, honey, and salt in a large bowl. Add quinoa, lentils, dill, and oregano and stir to combine. Set aside. Whisk yogurt, lemon juice, tahini, oil, salt, and 1 Tbsp. water in a small bowl. Set aside. Prepare a grill or grill pan for medium-high heat. Brush fennel, tomatoes, and scallions with oil and season with 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until tender and charred in spots, 10–15 minutes; let cool. If using Halloumi cheese, brush with oil and grill, turning occasionally, until charred and warmed through, about 2 minutes per side. Meanwhile, rub steak with cumin, remaining 1/2 tsp. salt, and remaining 1/2 tsp. pepper. Grill until medium-rare, 5–7 minutes per side for flank steak, about 2 minutes per side for skirt steak. Let rest, then thinly slice against the grain. Transfer quinoa salad to a large platter. Top with grilled vegetables and steak. Season with additional salt and pepper and top with fennel fronds. Serve immediately with yogurt dressing alongside. The yogurt dressing can be chilled for up to 3 days. Grilled Steak, Vegetable, and Quinoa Salad With Yogurt-Tahini Dressing has 913.0 calories. Grilled Steak, Vegetable, and Quinoa Salad With Yogurt-Tahini Dressing has 52.0 grams of protein. Grilled Steak, Vegetable, and Quinoa Salad With Yogurt-Tahini Dressing has 44.0 grams of fat. Grilled Steak, Vegetable, and Quinoa Salad With Yogurt-Tahini Dressing has 1118.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Steak, Vegetable, and Quinoa Salad With Yogurt-Tahini Dressing are 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups cooked quinoa, 1 cup cooked French lentils, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons tahini, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed, sliced lengthwise into 1/4" planks, fronds reserved for serving, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 scallions, roots trimmed (about 2 bunches), Olive oil (for brushing), 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, plus more, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, plus more, 1/2 pound Halloumi cheese, sliced into 1/4" planks (optional), 1 pound flank or skirt steak, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin.Grilled fennel, tomatoes, and scallions and cumin-rubbed grilled steak turn this quinoa salad into a one-dish dinner you'll want to keep serving all summer long.  Tomato Kid-Friendly Yogurt Wheat Gluten-Free Dinner Steak Quinoa Fennel Lentil Spring Summer Grill Barbecue Quick and Healthy Peanut Free Soy Free.