Grilled Salmon Cakes with Lemon Mayonnaise recipe. Whisk 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 minced green onions, lemon juice, and grated lemon peel in small bowl to blend. Season lemon mayonnaise to taste with salt and pepper and set aside. Combine remaining 4 green onions and chopped parsley in food processor; blend until finely chopped. Add cubed salmon, Dijon mustard, and remaining 1 tablespoon mayonnaise. Using on/off turns, blend until salmon is coarsely chopped. Transfer salmon mixture to large bowl. Mix in breadcrumbs, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper. With moistened hands and using about 1/3 cupful for each, shape salmon mixture into 8 patties, each about 1/2 inch thick. Brush both sides of salmon cakes with olive oil. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Grill salmon cakes to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium. Divide patties among 4 plates. Serve lemon mayonnaise alongside. Grilled Salmon Cakes with Lemon Mayonnaise has 424.0 calories. Grilled Salmon Cakes with Lemon Mayonnaise has 16.0 grams of protein. Grilled Salmon Cakes with Lemon Mayonnaise has 37.0 grams of fat. Grilled Salmon Cakes with Lemon Mayonnaise has 531.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Salmon Cakes with Lemon Mayonnaise are 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 6 green onions (2 minced, 4 cut into 4-inch lengths), 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1/4 cup (packed) chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 1/4 pounds skinless salmon fillets, cut into 1-inch cubes, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1/2 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs) or fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, Olive oil.Mary deMuth of Rowlett, Texas, writes: "Because my husband is in a graduate program, we've been able to meet people from all over the world. It has been a great experience for our three children — and a chance for me to add to my recipe collection. We frequently have other students over for dinner, so I'm always learning new dishes. Next year our family will be moving to southern France, and we're very excited about the food we'll have there. We hope to make many new friends who will share their Provençal specialties. ".  Citrus Fish Lemon Salmon Summer Grill Barbecue Bon Appétit Texas.