Grilled Bloody Mary recipe. Light a grill and set it up for direct heat or preheat a grill pan. Brush the grill grates with oil and arrange the tomatoes and lemons cut side down and grill over high heat until well browned on the bottoms, 4 to 5 minutes. Grill 3 of the celery stalks, turning occasionally, until the leaves are dark brown or black and the stalks are blistered in spots, 5 to 6 minutes. Grill the remaining 4 celery stalks just until the leaves are singed, about 1 minute. Transfer the tomatoes and fully grilled celery stalks to a food processor and let cool slightly. Squeeze 3 tablespoons of juice from the lemons and add it to the food processor; reserve the lemons. Add the Worcestershire, horseradish, sugar, 1 ½ teaspoons of salt and ½ teaspoon black pepper to the processor and process until as smooth as possible. Strain the Bloody Mary mix through a fine sieve into a liquid measuring cup, pressing on the solids; you should have at least 2 cups of mix. Season the mix with more lemon juice, salt and pepper, if desired. For each drink: In an ice-filled cocktail shaker, combine ½ cup Bloody Mary mix with 2 ounces of vodka; close and shake well. Pour the Bloody Mary into a tall ice-filled, garnish with a singed celery stalk and serve with Tabasco or Sriracha, for seasoning. Fill the cocktail shaker with clean ice before making each drink. Grilled Bloody Mary has 198.0 calories. Grilled Bloody Mary has 3.0 grams of protein. Grilled Bloody Mary has 1.0 grams of fat. Grilled Bloody Mary has 822.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Bloody Mary are 2 pounds red tomatoes, halved, 2 lemons, halved, 7 small-to-medium celery stalks, preferably with leaves, 1 1/2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated horseradish, 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, for seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more, for seasoning, 8 ounces (1 cup) vodka, Tabasco sauce or Sriracha, for serving.Grilling fresh tomatoes concentrates their flavor, making them super delicious in this Bloody Mary mix.  Vodka Alcoholic Tomato Cocktail Celery Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Drink.