Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese Stuffing, Peppers, Onions and Two Salsas recipe. Gently slide finger tips between chicken meat and skin along 1 long side of each breast, leaving skin attached on opposite ling side. Place 3 goat cheese rounds under skin of each chicken breast. skewer seams closed with toothpicks. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Prepare barbecue medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Place oil in large bowl. Place onions on baking sheet. Brush with 1 tablespoon oil. Add bell peppers to remaining oil in bowl; toss to coat. Sprinkle onions and peppers with salt and pepper. Grill or broil chicken, skin toward heat, until cooked through, turning occasionally, abut 22 minutes. Transfer to baking sheet; tent with foil. Grill or broil onions and peppers until lightly charred, turning occasionally, about 4 minutes. Remove toothpicks from chicken. Arrange chicken, onions and peppers on plates. Spoon Jalapeño Salsa over chicken. Spoon Tomato Salsa on side. Sprinkle with chives and serve. Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese Stuffing, Peppers, Onions and Two Salsas has 681.0 calories. Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese Stuffing, Peppers, Onions and Two Salsas has 65.0 grams of protein. Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese Stuffing, Peppers, Onions and Two Salsas has 39.0 grams of fat. Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese Stuffing, Peppers, Onions and Two Salsas has 411.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Grilled Chicken with Goat Cheese Stuffing, Peppers, Onions and Two Salsas are 6 large chicken breast halves with skin and bones, 1 11-ounce log chilled soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), cut into eighteen 1/3- to 1/2-inch-thick rounds, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 medium-size sweet onions (such as Maui), cut into 1/2-inch-wide slices, 2 red bell pepper, cut into 1-inch-wide strips, 2 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1-inch-wide strips, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped.Jalapeño-Cilantro Salsa and Tomato Salsa are colorful accompaniments to this great entrée.  Chicken Onion Pepper Broil Low Carb Goat Cheese Summer Chive Bon Appétit.