Guacamole Tacos with Tomatillo and Steak Sauce recipe. Place all chiles in medium saucepan, then add tomatillos and 3 cups water. Cover and boil until chiles and tomatillos are soft, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Cool and drain. Combine tomatillo mixture, garlic, aniseed, and oregano in processor; blend until smooth. Strain, discarding solids. Wipe same saucepan clean. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil; heat over medium-high heat. Add strained sauce; simmer 5 minutes, then add 1 cup water. Bring to boil. Add chopped steak; reduce heat to medium-low and cook until sauce lightly coats back of spoon, adding more water by teaspoonfuls if sauce is too thick consistency is similar to thin Bolognese), about 15 minutes. Season to taste with salt. DO AHEAD Sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Rewarm before serving. Using spoon, scoop out avocado flesh and place in medium bowl. Add cilantro, onion, and 1 teaspoon salt; coarsely mash with fork. Heat vegetable oil in small skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tortilla at a time and cook until slightly softened, about 5 seconds per side. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Place 2 tablespoons guacamole in center of each tortilla; roll up. Place on plates, seam side down. Pour warm meat sauce over tacos to cover and serve. Guacamole Tacos with Tomatillo and Steak Sauce has 1458.0 calories. Guacamole Tacos with Tomatillo and Steak Sauce has 50.0 grams of protein. Guacamole Tacos with Tomatillo and Steak Sauce has 76.0 grams of fat. Guacamole Tacos with Tomatillo and Steak Sauce has 868.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Guacamole Tacos with Tomatillo and Steak Sauce are 12 guajillo chiles* (about 2 ounces), wiped clean, seeded, deveined, 4 dried chiles de árbol*, 1 pound tomatillos (about 10), husked, rinsed, 4 cups water (or more), divided, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 1/4 teaspoon (generous) aniseed, 1/4 teaspoon (generous) dried oregano (preferably Mexican), 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound skirt steak, cut into 1/3-inch cubes, 3 large avocados, halved, pitted, 1/2 cup (packed) finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1/4 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 12 corn tortillas, *Available at some supermarkets and specialty foods stores and at Latin markets..These unusual inside-out tacos have an avocado filling and a meat sauce.  Beef Garlic Herb Onion Pepper Vegetable Dinner Lunch Bon Appétit Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.