Guinness Stout Ginger Cake recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 9- X 5-inch loaf pan, line the bottom and sides with parchment, and grease the parchment. Alternatively, butter and flour a 6-cup Bundt pan. In a large saucepan over high heat, combine the stout and molasses and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and add the baking soda. Allow to sit until the foam dissipates. Meanwhile, in a bowl, whisk together the eggs and both sugars. Whisk in the oil. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, ground ginger, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and cardamom. Combine the stout mixture with the egg mixture, then whisk this liquid into the flour mixture, half at a time. Add the fresh ginger and stir to combine. Pour the batter into the loaf pan and bake for 1 hour, or until the top springs back when gently pressed. Do not open the oven until the gingerbread is almost done, or the center may fall slightly. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Guinness Stout Ginger Cake has 566.0 calories. Guinness Stout Ginger Cake has 6.0 grams of protein. Guinness Stout Ginger Cake has 23.0 grams of fat. Guinness Stout Ginger Cake has 353.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Guinness Stout Ginger Cake are 1 cup Guinness stout, 1 cup molasses, 1/2 tablespoon baking soda, 3 large eggs, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1/2 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 3/4 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 tablespoon grated, peeled fresh gingerroot.The recipe for this moist, dark, fragrant gingerbread pays tribute to Dona Abramson and Stuart Tarabour at the Bright Food Shop, a terrific little Mexican-fusion café in Chelsea where I spent some time. This was my favorite of their desserts, and it has since become a seasonal classic at Gramercy Tavern, though I've made a few adaptations and embellished a bit. My recipe has just a touch of cloves, and instead of just the ginger and cinnamon in a typical gingerbread, I use a panoply of spices, including cardamom, nutmeg, and a lot of fresh ginger, to give the cake a racy, intriguing flavor.  Cake Beer Ginger Dessert Bake St. Patrick's Day Cinnamon Clove Molasses Nutmeg Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.