Gumbo Z'herbes with Red Beans recipe.  In a heavy skillet preferably cast-iron) cook oil and flour over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a flat-edged metal or wooden spatula, until roux is the dark reddish-brown color of chestnut shells, about 45 minutes. Alternatively, make Microwave Brown Roux and transfer to skillet.) Roux may be made 1 week ahead, cooled completely, and chilled, covered, in a glass or stainless-steel bowl. Reheat roux in skillet over moderately low heat, stirring, before proceeding. Stir in onions, bell pepper, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened. In a 10- to 12-quart heavy kettle bring 4 quarts water to a boil and add carrot tops and assorted greens. Simmer greens, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer greens with tongs to a large shallow baking dish, letting excess cooking liquid drip into kettle and reserving all cooking liquid. Cool greens until they can be handles and chop coarse. Stir beans and remaining 3 quarts water into reserved cooking liquid and simmer beans, covered partially, until tender, about 1 hour. Older beans may take longer to cook.) Add roux mixture by large spoonfuls, stirring well after each addition, and stir in greens, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer gumbo, partially covered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Gumbo may be made 2 days ahead, cooled completely, uncovered, and chilled, covered. Serve gumbo ladled over rice in large soup plates. Gumbo Z'herbes with Red Beans has 296.0 calories. Gumbo Z'herbes with Red Beans has 14.0 grams of protein. Gumbo Z'herbes with Red Beans has 8.0 grams of fat. Gumbo Z'herbes with Red Beans has 215.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Gumbo Z'herbes with Red Beans are 1/3 cup vegetable oil, 1/2 cup bread flour, 2 large onions, chopped, 1 large green pepper, chopped, 3 celery ribs, chopped, 7 quarts water, 1 bunch carrot tops, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed and drained (about 5 cups packed), 5 bunches assorted greens such as beet greens, Swiss chard, kale, collards, mustard greens, turnip greens, and/or spinach, coarse stems discarded and remainder washed and drained, 1 pound dried red kidney beans (about 2 1/2 cups), picked over, 6 large garlic cloves, Accompaniment:Cajun-style White Rice.(Gumbo with Mixed Greens and Red Beans).  Bean Garlic Leafy Green Onion Vegetable Vegetarian High Fiber Winter Gourmet.