Gyoza (Japanese Dumplings) recipe. Dice cabbage finely and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt. Give it a bit of a massage. Leave for 10–15 minutes and then squeeze with your hands to remove any moisture. With your hands thoroughly mix together cabbage, ground meat, chives, mushrooms, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil and pinch of salt. Dry your hands completely or wrappers will stick). Place a gyoza wrapper on one hand and put 1 teaspoon filling in centre of wrapper. Brush edge of half the wrapper with cold water. Make a semi-circle by folding the wrapper in half. Pinch open sides of wrapper together with your fingers and seal the top. Place a large frying pan over medium-high heat, add 2 teaspoons sesame oil and arrange 20–25 gyoza in pan. Add 200ml water to cover bottom of pan, cover with lid and cook on medium-high heat for 6–7 minutes or until translucent, cooked and no liquid is left in pan. Take off lid and cook for another 30–60 seconds for the bottoms to go crunchy. Cook remaining gyoza or freeze them. Mix together soy sauce, vinegar and chilli oil, if using. Serve gyoza hot with dipping sauce. Gyoza (Japanese Dumplings) has 42.0 calories. Gyoza (Japanese Dumplings) has 3.0 grams of protein. Gyoza (Japanese Dumplings) has 1.0 grams of fat. Gyoza (Japanese Dumplings) has 102.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Gyoza (Japanese Dumplings) are 1 packet 50 gyoza wrappers, 1/8 cabbage, 1 teaspoon salt, 400 g lean pork or chicken, 1/2 bunch garlic chives, finely chopped, 4 dried shiitake mushrooms, soaked in hot water and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, plus 2 teaspoons extra, for cooking, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, La-yu (Japanese chilli oil), optional.I still have fond memories of learning to make these with my mum in our kitchen. Gyoza are very versatile—you can pan-fry, steam, boil or deep-fry them, or simply add a couple to your noodle soup. These dumplings also freeze well in zip-lock bags.  Mushroom Appetizer Kid-Friendly Lunch Meat Deep-Fry Cabbage Pastry Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.