Halibut with Red Bell Pepper and Olive Relish recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. Brush large rimmed baking sheet with olive oil. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add bell pepper, onion, garlic, and thyme. Sauté until bell pepper is soft, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in olives, vinegar, and tomato paste. Season relish to taste with cayenne, salt, and pepper. Place fish on prepared baking sheet and brush with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon enough relish over each fillet to cover. Reserve remaining relish. Bake fish until just opaque in center, about 10 minutes. Transfer fish to serving platter. Garnish with thyme sprigs; serve with reserved relish. Halibut with Red Bell Pepper and Olive Relish has 397.0 calories. Halibut with Red Bell Pepper and Olive Relish has 50.0 grams of protein. Halibut with Red Bell Pepper and Olive Relish has 16.0 grams of fat. Halibut with Red Bell Pepper and Olive Relish has 442.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Halibut with Red Bell Pepper and Olive Relish are 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped redbell pepper, 1/2 cup chopped red onion, 3 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped pimiento-stuffed green olives, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Cayenne pepper, 4 8- to 10-ounce halibut fillets, Fresh thyme sprigs.Jason Gareffa of Los Angeles, California, writes: "Pursuing a career in acting keeps me tremendously busy. Between my improv comedy classes, performances, auditions for film and television roles, and gigs as a DJ for weddings, I don't have a lot of extra time on my hands. But good food is important to me, especially since I need a lot of energy to stay on the go. So over the years, I've started experimenting in the kitchen. Now the other members of my improv group even like to come to my 'wrap parties' to taste my creations.".  Fish Olive Pepper Bake Sauté Low Carb Low No Sugar Halibut Bell Pepper Winter Bon Appétit Los Angeles California.