Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic recipe.  Preheat oven to 450°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with foil, leaving overhang as long as baking sheet. Brush foil with 1 tablespoon oil. Scatter sliced fennel in center of foil as bed for fish. Top fennel with lemon slices, then fish, spacing slightly apart. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Sprinkle carrots over fish; arrange tomatoes around fish. Drizzle 3 tablespoons oil over fish and tomatoes. Top with 16 thyme sprigs. Cover fish with foil overhang and seal. Bake fish until just opaque in center, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, blend remaining 3/4 cup olive oil and garlic in blender until smooth. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Open foil packet. Drizzle all of sauce over fish and vegetables. Reseal foil. Let fish cool at room temperature 1 hour. Chill overnight. Discard thyme sprigs. Using large spatula, transfer 1 fish fillet with fennel base to each of 8 plates. Divide tomatoes, carrots, and sauce among plates. Garnish fish with lemon wedges and fennel fronds. Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic has 376.0 calories. Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic has 22.0 grams of protein. Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic has 29.0 grams of fat. Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic has 106.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Halibut with Carrots, Fennel, Lemon, and Garlic are 1 cup olive oil, divided, 1 large fresh fennel bulb, halved, very thinly sliced, top fronds reserved, 2 large lemons; 1 sliced very thin, 1 cut into 8 wedges, 8 4-ounce halibut fillets, 2 medium carrots, cut into matchstick-size strips, 1 12-ounce container grape tomatoes or cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 large bunches fresh thyme, 2 garlic cloves, peeled.An alternative to traditional gefilte fish, this cold, oven-steamed halibut makes an elegant fish course. Conveniently, it should be prepared one day ahead.  Fish Garlic Bake Passover Low No Sugar Lemon Halibut Fennel Carrot Spring Kosher Bon Appétit.