Halibut with Capers, Olives, and Tomatoes recipe. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add fish and sauté until lightly browned and just opaque in center, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer fish to platter. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in same skillet. Add shallots and crushed red pepper; sauté 1 minute. Mix in tomatoes, olives, 1/4 cup basil, and capers. Add clam juice and wine. Boil until sauce thickens slightly, about 4 minutes. Mix in 1/4 cup basil. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Spoon sauce over fish. Halibut with Capers, Olives, and Tomatoes has 366.0 calories. Halibut with Capers, Olives, and Tomatoes has 38.0 grams of protein. Halibut with Capers, Olives, and Tomatoes has 18.0 grams of fat. Halibut with Capers, Olives, and Tomatoes has 421.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Halibut with Capers, Olives, and Tomatoes are 4 6- to 7-ounce halibut fillets, All purpose flour, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 large shallots, chopped, 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped, 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives, 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil, divided, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1/3 cup bottled clam juice, 1/4 cup dry white wine.Mark Taylor of West Hartford, Connecticut, writes: "I started cooking out of necessity when I first graduated from college, since I couldn't afford to eat out. Having grown up watching my mother cook for our large family, I used her recipes. She was always trying new dishes whenever we had guests and sharing her adventurous attitude toward eating. These days, even though my wife and I both work, we still cook several times a week. Now I tend to rely on recipes I've picked up from restaurants and friends. I enjoy experimenting with different ingredients and figuring out new ways to improve a recipe, as I've done with the one here.".  Olive Tomato Sauté Quick & Easy Basil Halibut White Wine Capers Bon Appétit Connecticut.