Ham-Stuffed Chicken Legs with Sweet Pepper, Honey and Onion Compote recipe.  Combine all ingredients except broth in heavy medium saucepan. Cover and cook over medium heat until vegetables begin to soften, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Add broth; cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Transfer 1 cup compote to food processor and puree until almost smooth. Add puree to remaining compote; simmer 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. can be made 2 days ahead. Chill.) Combine ham, egg and whipping cream in processor and process until ham is finely chopped. Pound each chicken leg between sheets of waxed paper to 1/3-inch-thick rectangle about 6 inches by 5 inches). Arrange, smooth side down, on work surface. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Divide ham filling among chicken pieces. Spread over center of chicken, leaving 1/2-inch border on short sides. Starting at 1 long side, roll up chicken jelly roll style. Place four 9x7-inch foil squares on work surface; butter foil. Place 1 chicken roll in center of each. Roll up foil tightly around chicken, enclosing completely. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 500°F. Place chicken on baking sheet. Bake until chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Remove foil from chicken. Cut chicken roll into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Rewarm compote over medium heat, stirring often. Spoon onto plates. Arrange chicken atop compote. Top with parsley. Ham-Stuffed Chicken Legs with Sweet Pepper, Honey and Onion Compote has 1082.0 calories. Ham-Stuffed Chicken Legs with Sweet Pepper, Honey and Onion Compote has 79.0 grams of protein. Ham-Stuffed Chicken Legs with Sweet Pepper, Honey and Onion Compote has 78.0 grams of fat. Ham-Stuffed Chicken Legs with Sweet Pepper, Honey and Onion Compote has 725.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ham-Stuffed Chicken Legs with Sweet Pepper, Honey and Onion Compote are 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1/2 red bell pepper, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1/2 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1/2 green bell pepper, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon dry white wine, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 4-ounce ham slice, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon whipping cream, 4 large chicken legs, skin and bones removed, Chopped fresh parsley.Chicken flavored with ham or bacon is an age-old Irish marriage. At Drimcong House in Moycullen, Ireland, the combination is translated into a stunning contemporary dish. Ask your butcher to skin and bone the chicken legs for you, which will make this easier to prepare.  Food Processor Chicken Pork Poultry Bake Ham Bell Pepper Bon Appétit.