Hannah's Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Candies recipe.  Line 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, leaving overhang. Spray foil with nonstick spray. Combine white chocolate and peanut butter in medium metal bowl. Set bowl over saucepan of barely simmering water do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Stir until chocolate melts and mixture is blended. Spread mixture evenly in prepared pan; freeze until almost firm, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, place chocolate chips and cream in another medium metal bowl. Set over same saucepan of simmering water do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Stir until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Spread chocolate mixture evenly over peanut butter mixture. Refrigerate until very firm, at least 3 hours. Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.) Using foil as aid, lift candy out of pan. Cut into 1-inch squares; serve cold. Hannah's Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Candies has 83.0 calories. Hannah's Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Candies has 1.0 grams of protein. Hannah's Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Candies has 6.0 grams of fat. Hannah's Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Candies has 7.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Hannah's Peanut Butter and White Chocolate Candies are Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 pound good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), 1 cup extra-crunchy peanut butter, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1/2 cup whipping cream.Sue Ellison of Edgewater, Colorado, writes: "Although I have worked for more than 20 years as an elementary-school music teacher, at this point music is just my job; cooking is my passion. It's an interest I share with my daughter, Hannah. We do a phenomenal amount of cooking together. In fact, I think she learned how to count using chocolate chips, standing on a stool next to me at the kitchen counter while I baked chocolate croissants. Now Hannah's early training is paying off: She creates new recipes often, including the peanut butter and white chocolate candies here.".  Candy Milk Cream Chocolate Dessert Christmas Peanut Winter Chill Edible Gift Double Boiler Bon Appétit Colorado.