Haricots Verts With Poached Eggs And Tarragon Vinaigrette recipe. Generously cover 1 egg with cold water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then simmer, uncovered, 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath and let stand 5 minutes. Peel egg and set aside. Blend tarragon vinegar, mustard, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a blender. With motor running, slowly add oils and blend until emulsified. Add reserved egg and tarragon; purée until dressing is smooth and green. Set aside. Cook haricots verts in well-salted boiling water, uncovered, until just tender, 4-8 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to an ice bath, then drain and pat dry. Toss with 1/2 cup vinaigrette. Bring 1 1/2 inches water and white vinegar to a boil in a 12-inch skillet. Break 1 egg into a cup and slide into water. Repeat with remaining eggs, spacing them evenly. Poach at a bare simmer until whites are firm but yolks are still runny, 2-4 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Season with salt and pepper. Serve haricots verts sprinkled with pistachios and topped with eggs. Drizzle with some of remaining vinaigrette. Haricots Verts With Poached Eggs And Tarragon Vinaigrette has 314.0 calories. Haricots Verts With Poached Eggs And Tarragon Vinaigrette has 11.0 grams of protein. Haricots Verts With Poached Eggs And Tarragon Vinaigrette has 27.0 grams of fat. Haricots Verts With Poached Eggs And Tarragon Vinaigrette has 484.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Haricots Verts With Poached Eggs And Tarragon Vinaigrette are 7 large eggs, divided, 1 1/2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 cup grapeseed oil or vegetable oil, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/3 cup packed tarragon leaves, 1 lb haricots verts, trimmed, 1 1/2 teaspoons distilled white vinegar, 1/3 cup shelled roasted pistachios, coarsely chopped.A silky, herby vinaigrette brings together fresh eggs and peak-season vegetables.  Egg Breakfast Brunch Side Poach Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Low Cal High Fiber Green Bean Healthy Tarragon Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.