Hatch Chile con Queso Dip recipe.  If using fresh chiles, place on a foil-lined baking sheet and broil until blistered, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let steam for 5 minutes. Remove skins, stems, and seeds. Chop chiles, drain on paper towels, and set aside. In a medium pot over medium-low heat, melt the butter. Add the onion, garlic, and salt and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes more. Whisk the flour and cumin into the butter mixture and cook until lightly browned, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Raise the heat to medium and slowly whisk in the milk. Whisk constantly until sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Lower the heat to medium-low and add the cheeses, 1/4 cup at a time. Stir until cheese has melted completely before adding more cheese. Fold in the tomatoes and chiles. Taste and adjust seasoning. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve immediately with chips alongside. Hatch Chile con Queso Dip has 341.0 calories. Hatch Chile con Queso Dip has 18.0 grams of protein. Hatch Chile con Queso Dip has 27.0 grams of fat. Hatch Chile con Queso Dip has 543.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Hatch Chile con Queso Dip are 5 large fresh or 1 cup frozen, defrosted or canned, chopped hatch chiles, drained, squeezed dry, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons grated onion, 3 garlic cloves finely grated using a microplane, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 1/2 to 2 cups whole milk, 4 cups grated Cheddar cheese (nothing fancy!), 2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded, diced, drained, Roughly chopped cilantro (for serving), White-corn tortilla chips (for serving).This silky, cheesy dip celebrates New Mexico's famous hatch chiles, which are only available in the late summer and early fall. If you are lucky enough to see them at the market, be sure to bring some home. Enjoy them right away or roast before freezing to enjoy year-round (or buy some of the great frozen options available). And skip the fancy cheese counter for this recipe: You'll achieve a smoother queso texture with super-melty cheese from the dairy aisle of the supermarket.  Condiment Spread Appetizer Cheddar Monterey Jack Chile Pepper Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.