Hawaiian Rib-Eye Steak recipe. Whisk pineapple juice, soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, and oil in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Add onion and ginger. Set aside 2 Tbsp. marinade for butter. Transfer remaining marinade to a large resealable plastic bag. Add steaks and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Chill at least 1 day. Remove steaks from marinade, pat dry, and let sit until room temperature, about 1 hour. Whisk butter and oil in a medium bowl to combine. Vigorously whisk in reserved marinade; season with salt. Transfer to the center of a sheet of parchment paper and roll up into a log. Chill until firm, at least 1 hour. Build a two-zone fire in a charcoal grill for direct medium-high coals) and indirect medium-low coals) heat. Alternatively, heat a gas grill to high just before cooking, leaving one burner on low. Season steaks very lightly with salt omit this step if marinating more than 24 hours). Grill over high heat, turning, until steaks are well browned and beginning to char around edges, about 4 minutes. Transfer to cooler part of grill and continue to cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of steaks registers 120°F for medium-rare. Alternatively, cook in a grill pan over medium-high heat, turning steaks every couple of minutes.) Transfer steaks to a wire rack. Slice butter into 1/4"-thick rounds and divide between steaks. Let rest at least 10 minutes before slicing. Steaks can be marinated 3 days ahead. Keep chilled.
Butter can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. The ingredients of Hawaiian Rib-Eye Steak are 2 cups pineapple juice, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1/2 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1/3 cup chopped white onion, 1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely chopped, 2 (1-inch-thick) bone-in rib-eye steaks (about 3 pounds total), 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt.Now you can make one of Hillstone’s most popular dishes at home, a decision you will never regret.  Bon Appétit Steak Hawaii Butter Pineapple Sesame Oil Ginger Soy Sauce Dinner Grill Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.