Hazelnut and Chocolate Pithiviers recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut 1 pastry sheet into 9 1/2-inch-diameter round. Transfer to heavy large cookie sheet; chill. Using electric mixer, cream butter and sugar in medium bowl until fluffy. Mix in nuts, flour and vanilla. Mix in 1 egg. Spread filling evenly over chilled pastry round, leaving 1/2-inch border at edge. Arrange chocolate pieces over filling, spacing evenly. Chill 15 minutes. Beat remaining egg to blend in small bowl. Cut second pastry sheet into 9 1/2-inch-diameter round. Brush border of filled pastry with beaten egg. Top with second pastry round, pressing edges together firmly to seal. Crimp edges decoratively. Brush pastry with beaten egg. Cut small vent hole in center. Using tip of small sharp knife, score half circles 1/2 inch apart in top of pastry, beginning at vent and ending at crimped edge. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Bake pastry until puffed and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool 10 minutes on cookie sheet. Transfer pastry to platter. Serve warm or at room temperature, cutting pastry into wedges. Hazelnut and Chocolate Pithiviers has 568.0 calories. Hazelnut and Chocolate Pithiviers has 8.0 grams of protein. Hazelnut and Chocolate Pithiviers has 40.0 grams of fat. Hazelnut and Chocolate Pithiviers has 172.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Hazelnut and Chocolate Pithiviers are 1 17 1/4-ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets (2 sheets), thawed, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1/2 cup sugar, 3/4 cup hazelnuts (about 3 ounces), toasted, husked, finely ground, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 3/4 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces.This dessert, prominent in the window of virtually every Paris pastry shop, is a true classic. The puff pastry rounds are usually filled with an almond mixture, but my version features hazelnuts and chocolate. Purchased pastry makes it approachable for the modern cook. Since it reheats nicely, the Pithiviers can be made ahead.  Mixer Chocolate Egg Nut Dessert Bake Spring Chill Hazelnut Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.