Herbed Rack of Lamb with Parsley, Mint, and Walnut Sauté recipe. Place lamb racks on heavy large rimmed baking sheet. Brush lamb with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons coarse salt and pepper. Mix all herbs in small bowl; press firmly over meat side of lamb to adhere. Let stand 2 hours at room temperature. Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 425°F. Heat remaining 4 tablespoons oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add lamb, meat-and-herb side down, and cook until brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer racks to baking sheet, meat-and-herb side up. Roast lamb until meat thermometer inserted into center registers 125°F for medium-rare, about 13 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 15 minutes. Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Add parsley and sauté until wilted, about 2 minutes. Add mint, 1/2 cup water, and lemon peel and cook until parsley is tender, about 3 minutes. Mix in walnuts, walnut oil, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cut lamb between bones into individual chops. Divide parsley sauté among 6 plates. Top with lamb chops and serve. Herbed Rack of Lamb with Parsley, Mint, and Walnut Sauté has 1357.0 calories. Herbed Rack of Lamb with Parsley, Mint, and Walnut Sauté has 46.0 grams of protein. Herbed Rack of Lamb with Parsley, Mint, and Walnut Sauté has 126.0 grams of fat. Herbed Rack of Lamb with Parsley, Mint, and Walnut Sauté has 840.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Herbed Rack of Lamb with Parsley, Mint, and Walnut Sauté are 3 1 1/4-pound racks of lamb, frenched, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots, 6 cups (packed) fresh Italian parsley leaves (from 2 large bunches), 3/4 cup very coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1/2 cup water, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 3/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts (about 2 1/2 ounces), 2 tablespoons walnut oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice.Have the butcher "french" the lamb racks, which entails trimming the fat from the lamb and between the bones.  Herb Lamb Nut Roast Easter Low No Sugar Dinner Mint Rack of Lamb Walnut Spring Parsley Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.