Herb-Crusted Rack of Lamb with New Potatoes recipe. Place potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with 1" cold water; season with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until tender, 10–15 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 400°F. Season lamb with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook lamb, turning occasionally, until golden brown all over, 6–8 minutes; transfer to a foil-lined baking sheet, placing fat side up. Mix garlic, parsley, dill, mustard, cumin, and 1 tablespoon oil in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Spread herb mixture over lamb and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of meat registers 130°F for medium-rare, 18–22 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let lamb rest 5 minutes before cutting into double chops. While lamb is resting, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add potatoes and watercress and cook, tossing, until watercress is just wilted, about 1 minute. Mix in vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Serve lamb with watercress and potatoes. Herb-Crusted Rack of Lamb with New Potatoes has 1113.0 calories. Herb-Crusted Rack of Lamb with New Potatoes has 38.0 grams of protein. Herb-Crusted Rack of Lamb with New Potatoes has 92.0 grams of fat. Herb-Crusted Rack of Lamb with New Potatoes has 208.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Herb-Crusted Rack of Lamb with New Potatoes are 1 1/2 pounds small new or Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed, Kosher salt, 2 racks of lamb (about 2 pounds total), Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1/4 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, crushed, 6 cups watercress leaves with tender stems, 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar.This recipe calls for fairly small racks of lamb, about a pound each. If your lamb is larger, the cooking time will increase, but you can get away with serving single, not double, chops.  Herb Lamb Potato Easter Dinner Rack of Lamb Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.