Herbed Bread, Cracker and Leek Dressing recipe. Preheat oven to 300°F. Spread bread on 2 large baking sheets. Bake until just dry but not brown, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Transfer to very large bowl. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add leeks, onions and celery and sauté until tender but not brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to bowl with bread. Mix in cracker crumbs, herbs, salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Butter 2-quart baking dish. Mix milk into dressing. Reserve about 6 cups dressing for turkey. Mix 1/2 cup broth into remaining dressing and transfer to prepared baking dish. Cover with foil. Bake dressing in covered dish alongside turkey for 40 minutes. Uncover and bake until golden brown on top, about 20 minutes longer. Herbed Bread, Cracker and Leek Dressing has 304.0 calories. Herbed Bread, Cracker and Leek Dressing has 8.0 grams of protein. Herbed Bread, Cracker and Leek Dressing has 13.0 grams of fat. Herbed Bread, Cracker and Leek Dressing has 562.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Herbed Bread, Cracker and Leek Dressing are 1 16-ounce loaf firm white bread (do not trim crusts), cut into 3/4-inch pieces, 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, 3 leeks (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise, rinsed, thinly sliced, 2 medium onions, chopped, 3 celery stalks, chopped, 2 cups coarsely crumbled saltine or common crackers, 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage or 1 tablespoon dried, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh savory or 1 tablespoon dried, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 tablespoon dried, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup canned low-salt chicken broth."Common crackers," good-keeping hard wheat flour crackers akin to ship's biscuits or hardtack, were found in early New England households and often made their way into poultry dressings. In this recipe, we add leeks and large quantities of the kinds of herbs cultivated in Colonial kitchen gardens.  Side Bake Sauté Thanksgiving Stuffing Dressing Leek Chill Sage Thyme Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.