Herb- and Spice-Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce recipe.  Heat oil in large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add shallots and garlic; sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in sugar; sauté until shallots are golden, about 15 minutes longer. Add flour, herbs, orange peel, nutmeg and cloves; stir 1 minute. Pour in broth, wine and brandy. Boil until sauce is reduced to 1 3/4 cups, about 20 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Can be made 2 days ahead. Chill.) Grind first 10 ingredients in processor. With machine running, add oil and blend well. Spread mixture evenly over all sides of tenderloins. Place beef in large glass baking dish. Cover with foil; chill at least 6 hours. Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Place beef on rack in large roasting pan. Roast until meat thermometer inserted into center of beef registers 125°F for rare, about 35 minutes. Remove from oven and cover with foil; let stand 10 minutes. Transfer beef to cutting board. Pour any accumulated juices from roasts into sauce. Bring sauce to boil. Remove from heat; whisk in butter. Season with salt and pepper. Slice beef. Serve with sauce. Herb- and Spice-Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce has 815.0 calories. Herb- and Spice-Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce has 50.0 grams of protein. Herb- and Spice-Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce has 54.0 grams of fat. Herb- and Spice-Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce has 1209.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Herb- and Spice-Roasted Beef Tenderloin with Red Wine-Shallot Sauce are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 1/2 cups sliced shallots (about 12 ounces), 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel, Pinch of ground nutmeg, Pinch of ground cloves, 3 1/4 cups canned beef broth, 1 1/2 cups dry red wine, 1/4 cup brandy, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 4 large garlic cloves, peeled, 2 bay leaves, 1 large shallot, peeled, quartered, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 2-pound (large end) beef tenderloin pieces, trimmed, 1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature.Here's a special-occasion roast enhanced with classic Provençal seasonings. Roasting two large ends of tenderloin instead of one whole piece ensures even cooking. (The meat needs to be coated with its aromatic rub, then chilled for at least six hours before roasting.) Serve this elegant dish with <epi:recielink id="2999">Scalloped Potatoes with Goat Cheese and Herbes de Provence</epi:recielink> and a sauté of green beans, zucchini and red bell pepper. Uncork a sophisticated Rhône red such as Hermitage or Crozes-Hermitage.  Food Processor Beef Herb Bake New Year's Eve Beef Tenderloin Spice Red Wine Winter Shallot Bon Appétit.