Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard recipe. Arrange a rack in lowest level of oven; preheat to 300°F. Leaving fat intact, remove outer rind from most of ham, leaving a band around the end of the shank bone. Score fat crosswise do not cut into meat) on top of ham with parallel cuts spaced 1/2" apart. Place ham in a large roasting pan. Boil 1 cup Riesling and 7 cups water in a saucepan for 5 minutes. Pour into bottom of roasting pan. Bake ham, basting with pan juices occasionally, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of ham registers 110°F, 2 1/2-3 hours. Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and thyme sprigs; cook, stirring often, until shallots are very soft, about 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat; stir in the remaining 1 cup Riesling. Return to stove. Increase heat to medium-high, bring to a simmer, and cook until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 8 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs and transfer mixture to a food processor. Add thyme leaves, mustard, honey, pepper, and salt. Process until well blended. Remove pan from oven and increase heat to 350°F. Using a pastry brush, spread Riesling mixture over ham. Return pan to oven and bake ham, tenting with foil if browning too quickly, until internal temperature registers 135°F and crust is golden brown, 15-30 minutes. Transfer ham to a large platter. Let rest for 30 minutes before carving. Skim fat from pan juices, reheat, and pour juices into a medium pitcher; serve alongside. Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard has 464.0 calories. Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard has 48.0 grams of protein. Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard has 20.0 grams of fat. Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard has 7279.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Holiday Ham with Riesling and Mustard are 1 14-16-pound whole cured, smoked bone-in ham, 2 cups sweet (Auslese) Riesling, divided, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots, 3 sprigs thyme plus 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1/2 cup whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Small pinch of kosher salt.Slice it and serve with our soft dinner rolls so guests can make mini sandwiches, then use the bone to make soup. Ask your butcher for a whole cured, smoked bone-in ham from the back leg of a pig, or order one from dartagnan.com (ask for the applewood-smoked bone-in whole ham). You can also buy a half ham and cut the recipe in half. Flavor the meat with Riesling from the same bottle you use to make the gelée for the chicken liver mousse .  Wine Mustard Roast Christmas Easter Dinner Meat Ham White Wine Christmas Eve Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.