Homemade French Fries with Five Dipping Sauces recipe. Peel potatoes, then cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-thick sticks, submerging in a large bowl of ice water. Rinse potatoes in several changes of cold water in bowl more ice isn't necessary) until water is clear. Drain in a large colander. Spread potatoes out in a single layer on several layers of kitchen towels to drain, then pat dry. While potatoes are being rinsed and dried, heat 2 inches oil slowly in a 5- to 6-quart pot over medium-low heat until thermometer registers 300°F. When oil is ready, increase heat to high and fry potatoes in four batches, stirring occasionally, until just cooked through but still white, about 3 minutes. Adjust heat to keep oil as close to 300°F as possible and return oil to 300°F between batches.) Transfer fried potatoes with a slotted spoon to a baking sheet lined with dry towels to drain. When all potatoes are fried once, cool potatoes to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Reheat oil over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 375°F. Fry potatoes again in four batches, stirring, and adjusting heat to keep oil as close to 375°F as possible, until deep golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Return oil to 375°F between batches.) Transfer with slotted spoon to dry towels to drain briefly, then season with salt and serve immediately, with sauces) for dipping. The ingredients of Homemade French Fries with Five Dipping Sauces are 3 pounds russet (baking) potatoes (5 or 6), 4 to 6 cups vegetable oil for deep-frying, Salt, Accompaniments:, Sour Cream and Onion Dip , Saffron Mayonnaise , Ginger-Sesame Sauce , Roasted Red Pepper-Walnut Dip , and/or Chipotle-Tomatillo Sauce, Special equipment: A 5- to 6-quart pot; a deep-fat thermometer.The secret to great French fries is to fry them twice: once at a lower temperature to cook the potato through, then again at a higher temperature to brown them. We're also giving you five reasons to leave the ketchup in the fridge, with homemade dipping-sauce recipes for Sour Cream and Onion Dip , Saffron Mayonnaise , Ginger-Sesame Sauce , Roasted Red Pepper–Walnut Dip , and Chipotle-Tomatillo Sauce .  Potato Vegetable Side Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Root Vegetable Deep-Fry Vegan Gourmet.