Homemade Bratwurst Bites with Beer and Horseradish Mustard recipe. Place pork sparerib cubes and pork fat in freezer until partially frozen, about 30 minutes. Place half of pork and half of pork fat in processor. Using on/off turns, blend mixture until finely ground. Transfer mixture to bowl. Repeat with remaining pork and pork fat. Gently mix sage and next 5 ingredients into ground pork mixture. Stir in 1/4 cup beer. Cover and chill overnight. Form pork mixture by tablespoonfuls into 1 1/4-to 1 1/2-inch-diameter patties; place on baking sheet. DO AHEAD: Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches if necessary, add sausage patties to skillet and cook until browned on bottom, about 5 minutes. Add remaining 1/2 cup beer to skillet; cover with lid slightly ajar and cook until beer evaporates, 6 to 7 minutes. Turn patties over and cook until brown on bottom and cooked through, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer sausage patties to platter. Serve with Beer and Horseradish Mustard and soft pretzels. The ingredients of Homemade Bratwurst Bites with Beer and Horseradish Mustard are 1 1/4 pounds boneless country-style pork spareribs, cut into 3/4-inch cubes, 1/3 pound pork fat, cut into 3/4-inch cubes, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage, 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 3/4 teaspoon ground mace, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 3/4 cup lager beer, divided, Beer and Horseradish Mustard, Purchased soft pretzels, pretzel rolls, or rye bread.If you have a food processor, you can make sausage from scratch. Adding pork fat to the meat gives these bite-size sausage patties a tender texture. Call your butcher in advance to make sure he sets aside some extra pork fat for you. To help the mixture blend more easily, be sure to freeze the pork pieces before grinding them in the processor. Keep in mind that the sausage needs to chill overnight so that the flavors have time to develop.  Beer Food Processor Appetizer Horseradish Oktoberfest Party Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.