Hominy, Tomato, and Chili Soup recipe. Toast cumin seeds in heavy small saucepan over medium heat until beginning to darken in color, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Enclose in plastic bag and crush with hammer or mallet. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, Anaheim chili, and garlic. Sauté until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add New Mexico chili, oregano, and cumin seeds. Stir 2 minutes longer. Add broth, hominy, tomatoes with juices, and tostadas caseras. Bring soup to boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until dried chili is very soft and flavors blend, about 45 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper, then lime juice to taste. Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Rewarm soup before serving.) Ladle soup into bowls. *Also known as a California chili; available at Latin American markets and many supermarkets. **Available at Latin American markets and some supermarkets. Hominy, Tomato, and Chili Soup has 143.0 calories. Hominy, Tomato, and Chili Soup has 5.0 grams of protein. Hominy, Tomato, and Chili Soup has 6.0 grams of fat. Hominy, Tomato, and Chili Soup has 294.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Hominy, Tomato, and Chili Soup are 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped white onion, 1 large fresh Anaheim chili,* stemmed, seeded, chopped (about 1/2 cup), 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 dried New Mexico chili,** stemmed, seeded, torn into small pieces, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 4 cups low-salt chicken broth, 1 14- to 15-ounce can golden hominy, drained, 1 14- to 15-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1/3 cup finely crushed tostadas caseras or corn chips, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice.Tostadas caseras — corn tortillas that have been seasoned and fried — can be found with the tortillas in most supermarkets. The soup can be made one day before serving.  Soup Stew Pepper Tomato Sauté Winter Hominy Cornmeal Masa Seed Simmer Bon Appétit.