Honey-Pecan Pumpkin Pie recipe.  Place large piece of foil on work surface. Stir sugar, honey, butter and salt in heavy medium skillet over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves, butter melts and syrup comes to simmer. Add pecans. Cook until syrup turns deep caramel color and bubbles thickly, stirring nuts occasionally to coat, about 9 minutes. Scrape onto foil. Working quickly, separate nuts with spoon. Cool completely. Place in airtight container. Can be made 3 days ahead. Store at room temperature.) Position rack in lowest third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Roll out dough disk on floured surface to 12- to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Fold overhang under; crimp edge, forming high-standing rim. Stir sugar and next 5 ingredients in large bowl. Whisk in pumpkin and honey, then cream and 3 eggs. Beat 1 egg in small bowl to blend. Brush inside of crust with some of beaten egg. Pour filling into crust. Bake pie until filling is slightly puffed and begins to crack at edges, covering crust with foil if browning too quickly, about 1 hour. Cool on rack. Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store at room temperature.) Using electric mixer, beat cream and honey in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Spoon into pastry bag fitted with star tip. Pipe rosettes of cream atop pie. Garnish with candied nuts. Serve, passing extra nuts separately. Honey-Pecan Pumpkin Pie has 831.0 calories. Honey-Pecan Pumpkin Pie has 10.0 grams of protein. Honey-Pecan Pumpkin Pie has 66.0 grams of fat. Honey-Pecan Pumpkin Pie has 212.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Honey-Pecan Pumpkin Pie are 6 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 1 cup pecan halves (about 4 ounces), 1 Easy Pastry Dough disk, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 15-ounce can solid pack pumpkin, 1/3 cup honey, 1 cup whipping cream, 4 large eggs, 1 cup chilled whipping cream, 2 tablespoons honey.California is among the four leading honey producers in the country. And Texas produces some of the finest pecans. This pie has a touch of honey in the filling, in the topping and in the crunchy coating for the pecan garnish. An extra batch of the honeyed pecans is a great snack or holiday hostess gift.  Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Pecan Pumpkin Fall Honey Bon Appétit.