Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing recipe. Whisk all ingredients in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 400°F. Scatter thyme sprigs on rimmed baking sheet. Place pear halves, cut side down, on work surface. Starting 1/2 inch from stem and leaving pear half intact, cut each lengthwise into scant 1/3- to 1/2-inch-wide slices. Press pear gently to fan slices; place atop thyme sprigs. Drizzle pears with honey; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until pears are tender, about 15 minutes. Let stand on baking sheet at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours. Combine lettuce and arugula in large bowl. Add dressing and toss to coat. Divide salad among plates. Place pear alongside greens. Garnish salads with cheese; sprinkle with nuts. Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing has 332.0 calories. Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing has 7.0 grams of protein. Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing has 19.0 grams of fat. Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing has 253.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Honey-Roasted Pear Salad with Thyme Verjus Dressing are 1/3 cup verjus or 3 tablespoons white grape juice and 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1/3 cup grapeseed oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 3 bunches fresh thyme sprigs, 4 ripe but firm Bartlett pears (about 2 1/2 pounds), halved, cored, 1/4 cup honey, 1 head of butter lettuce, coarsely torn, 4 ounces baby arugula, 6 ounces blue cheese, sliced or coarsely crumbled, 1/2 cup hazelnuts, toasted, coarsely chopped.Verjus is a tart grape juice made from unripe wine grapes. Milder than vinegar, it can be used in salad dressings without competing with an accompanying wine the way vinegar does. Look for it at specialty foods stores or online at chefshop.com and terrasonoma.com. What to drink: Pour an Oregon Pinot Noir with the salad and the Herbed Lamb Chops with Pinot Noir Sauce.  Salad Cheese Fruit Leafy Green Appetizer Roast Blue Cheese Pear Fall Honey Thyme Bon Appétit.