Honey Apple Pie with Orange Lattice Crust recipe. {Step One} Combine flour, sugar and salt in large bowl; add butter. Using fingertips, rub in butter until pieces range in size from rice grains to peas. Add shortening; rub in until pieces are size of small peas. Sprinkle 5 tablespoons juice over, tossing gently with fork to blend. Continue adding enough juice 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork, to form moist clumps. Gather dough into ball; divide into 2 parts, 1 slightly larger than the other. Flatten dough onto disks. Wrap in plastic; chill 1 1/2 hours or up to 1 day. Mix cherries, apricots, peaches and orange juice in large bowl. Let stand 30 minutes. Mix in apples, flour, cinnamon and cardamom; then mix in honey, butter and orange peel. Position rack in bottom third of oven, and preheat to 425°F. Roll out larger dough disk on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer dough to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Trim overhand to 1/2 inch. Roll out second dough disk on lightly floured surface to 12-inch round. Using fluted pastry wheel or knife, cut dough into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Spoon filling into bottom crust. {Step Two} Arrange 6 pastry strips evenly atop filling. Arrange 6 more strips at right angles, forming lattice. Fold under ends of strips with overhanging dough. {Step Three} Crimp crust edge decoratively. Bake pie 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Bake until apples are tender and juices bubble thickly around edge, about 1 hour 10 minutes longer. Transfer pie to rack. Cool 1 hour. Honey Apple Pie with Orange Lattice Crust has 493.0 calories. Honey Apple Pie with Orange Lattice Crust has 5.0 grams of protein. Honey Apple Pie with Orange Lattice Crust has 27.0 grams of fat. Honey Apple Pie with Orange Lattice Crust has 153.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Honey Apple Pie with Orange Lattice Crust are 2 cups all purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons chilled vegetable shortening, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 6 to 7 tablespoons chilled orange juice, 2 generous tablespoons coarsely chopped dried tart cherries, 2 generous tablespoons finely chopped dried apricots, 2 generous tablespoons finely chopped dried peaches, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 1/2 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, thinly sliced, 3 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1/4 cup honey, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel.Using orange juice instead of water in the crust enhances the fruit flavors in the filling. To prevent the dough from sticking, lightly flour the work surface and the dough, sprinkling with more flour as needed; also, roll just to the edges of the dough, not over them, rotating the dough often.  Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Orange Apple Apricot Cherry Peach Fall Honey Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.