Honey-Citrus Chicken recipe. Puree pineapple, jalapeño and garlic in blender until almost smooth. Pour pineapple puree into 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass dish. Add orange juice, lime juice, soy sauce, chopped cilantro, chopped basil, black pepper, orange peel and lime peel to puree. Stir to combine. Add chicken to marinade and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours, turning often, Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.) Remove chicken from marinade. Using rubber spatula, lightly scrape excess marinade from chicken. Strain marinade into heavy medium saucepan. Transfer 1/3 cup marinade to small bowl; whisk in honey. Boil remaining marinade until reduced to 1 1/2 cups sauce, about 15 minutes. Whisk in butter. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Brush grill with oil. Grill chicken until cooked through, turning and basting often with reserved honey marinade, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to platter. Garnish with cilantro and basil sprigs. Serve passing sauce separately. Honey-Citrus Chicken has 504.0 calories. Honey-Citrus Chicken has 71.0 grams of protein. Honey-Citrus Chicken has 13.0 grams of fat. Honey-Citrus Chicken has 471.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Honey-Citrus Chicken are 1 medium pineapple, peeled, cored, coarsely chopped, 1 medium jalapeño chili, seeded, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 cup orange juice, 1/2 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons (packed) chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons (packed) chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel, 1 teaspoon grated lime peel, 8 large skinless boneless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons butter, Fresh cilantro sprigs, Fresh basil sprigs.Don't let the name fool you. This chicken is sweet from the honey, but it's also very spicy from a jalapeño chili and plenty of black pepper. Frosty lager beer and orzo salad are cooling accompaniments. The chicken needs to marinate for at least four hours, so begin preparing it ahead of time.  Chicken Citrus Pepper Poultry Marinate Pineapple Summer Honey Bon Appétit.