Honey-Butter French Bread recipe.  Mix 1/4 cup warm water and sugar in large bowl. Sprinkle yeast over; stir to dissolve. Let stand until foamy, about 8 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 3/4 cups warm water. Mix in butter, salt and honey. Using wooden spoon, stir in 4 cups flour. Turn dough out onto floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, adding more flour if sticky, about 8 minutes. Form dough into ball. Butter large bowl. Add dough, turning to coat. Cover bowl with plastic wrap, then with clean towel. Let dough rise in warm draft-free area until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch down dough. Cover dough with plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes. Divide dough in half; roll each dough piece between hands and work surface into 9-inch-long loaf. Transfer loaves to baking sheet. Cover with plastic, then with towel. Let dough rise in warm draft-free area until almost doubled, about 30 minutes. Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 425°F. Make 5 diagonal slashes crosswise in surface of each loaf. Lightly brush water over tops and sides of loaves. Bake loaves 20 minutes, brushing occasionally with water. Continue baking until loaves are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Honey-Butter French Bread has 317.0 calories. Honey-Butter French Bread has 8.0 grams of protein. Honey-Butter French Bread has 4.0 grams of fat. Honey-Butter French Bread has 586.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Honey-Butter French Bread are 2 cups warm water (105°F to 115°F), 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 envelope dry yeast, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon honey, 5 cups (about) unbleached all purpose flour."Growing up in an Italian-American household meant bread on the table with every meal," says Gina M. Sarti of Malvern, Pennsylvania. "I've continued the family tradition by making my own bread to serve at dinner, although I don't always stick to Italian. These French loaves with a touch of honey are great with just about any dish, especially soups.".  Bread Side Bake Valentine's Day Kid-Friendly Dinner Fall Family Reunion Honey Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.