Horseradish-Crusted Salmon with Beets recipe. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add shallots; sauté 5 minutes. Add wine, bay leaf and 1 tablespoon thyme; boil until mixture is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add beets and 4 cups stock; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, until beets are tender and liquid is reduced to 1 cup, about 50 minutes. Place salmon on rimmed baking sheet. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in small saucepan; brush over salmon. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Mix panko, horseradish and 1 tablespoon thyme in small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Press mixture onto salmon, dividing equally. Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover beet mixture and salmon separately; chill.) Preheat oven to 475°F. Bake salmon just until cooked through and top is golden brown, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add carrots and 1/4 cup stock; cover and simmer 2 minutes. Add brussels sprout leaves; cook, uncovered, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Bring beet mixture to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Add 2 tablespoons butter; stir just until melted. Spoon beet mixture into 4 shallow soup plates. Top with fish. Garnish with carrots and brussels sprouts. Horseradish-Crusted Salmon with Beets has 813.0 calories. Horseradish-Crusted Salmon with Beets has 49.0 grams of protein. Horseradish-Crusted Salmon with Beets has 48.0 grams of fat. Horseradish-Crusted Salmon with Beets has 747.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Horseradish-Crusted Salmon with Beets are 7 tablespoons butter, 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme, 3 medium beets, peeled, halved crosswise, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 4 1/4 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, 4 6-ounce salmon fillets, 2/3 cup (Japanese breadcrumbs)*, 1 1/2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 12 baby carrots, peeled, 12 brussels sprouts, all leaves separated, *Available in Asian markets and in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets..At The Painted Table in Seattle, Washinton, the fish comes with just the beet broth, but the beets themselves are delicious, too.  Fish Vegetable Bake Dinner Horseradish Salmon Beet Carrot Fall Brussel Sprout Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.