Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream recipe. Heat vegetable oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add half of beef ribs and sauté until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to plate. Repeat with remaining ribs; transfer to plate. Add sliced onion to pot. Sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Return ribs and any juices to pot. Add 3 1/2 quarts water and remaining stock ingredients. Bring to boil, skimming any foam from surface. Reduce heat and simmer until ribs are very tender, skimming foam occasionally, about 2 1/2 hours. Using tongs, transfer ribs to plate. Strain stock into large bowl. Chill stock until fat solidifies on top, at least 3 hours. Remove meat from bones; cut away excess fat. Shred meat finely. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover meat and chill. Keep stock chilled.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange beets in single layer in 13x9x2-inch baking dish; add 1 cup water. Cover; bake beets until tender when pierced with knife, about 1 hour. Cool beets. Peel and cut into 1/3-inch dice. Remove fat from surface of stock. Add enough canned beef broth to stock to measure 10 cups. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large pot over medium-low heat. Add diced carrots and chopped onions and sauté 10 minutes. Add cabbage and garlic and sauté 5 minutes. Add 10 cups beef stock, beets, potato and 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar. Simmer until cabbage and potato are tender, about 20 minutes. Add shredded meat; simmer 5 minutes. Season with additional red wine vinegar, salt and pepper. Ladle borscht into bowls. Top each with dollop of sour cream and serve. Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream has 651.0 calories. Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream has 23.0 grams of protein. Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream has 55.0 grams of fat. Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream has 415.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Hot Beef Borscht with Sour Cream are 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 pounds beef short ribs, cut into 3- to 4-inch pieces, 1 large onion, sliced, 3 1/2 quarts water, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 12 whole black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 2 whole cloves, 10 medium beets (about 2 inches in diameter), rinsed, tops trimmed, 1 cup water, 3 cups (about) canned beef broth, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup chopped onions, 6 cups thinly sliced green cabbage (about 1/2 small head), 4 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 large russet potato, peeled, diced, 2 tablespoons (or more) red wine vinegar, Sour cream.A hearty meal-in-a-bowl for blustery March days. Short ribs add flavor, while sliced cabbage contributes texture. At the end, the only things you need are a dash of vinegar and a dollop of sour cream.  Soup Stew Vegetable Beef Rib Beet Winter Bon Appétit.