Incredible Melted Ice-Cream Cake recipe. Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly mist a 12-cup Bundt pan with vegetable oil spray, then dust with flour. Shake out the excess flour. Set the pan aside. Place the cake mix, melted ice cream, and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minute. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with the rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat 2 minutes more, scraping the sides down again if needed. The batter should look thick and well blended. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top with the rubber spatula. Place the pan in the oven. Bake the cake until it springs back when lightly pressed with your finger and just starts to pull away from the sides of the pan, 38 to 42 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and place it on a wire rack to cool for 20 minutes. Run a long, sharp knife around the edge of the cake and invert it onto a small rack, then invert it again onto a second rack so that the cake is right side up to complete cooling, 30 minutes more. Meanwhile prepare the Chocolate Marshmallow Frosting , or another frosting that would go well with the flavor of the ice cream in the cake. Place the cake on a serving platter and frost the top of the cake with clean, smooth strokes. Incredible Melted Ice-Cream Cake has 194.0 calories. Incredible Melted Ice-Cream Cake has 3.0 grams of protein. Incredible Melted Ice-Cream Cake has 7.0 grams of fat. Incredible Melted Ice-Cream Cake has 241.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Incredible Melted Ice-Cream Cake are vegetable oil spray for misting the pan, flour for dusting the pan, 1 package (18.25 ounces) plain white cake mix, 2 cups melted ice cream, your choice of flavor, 3 large eggs, Chocolate Marshmallow Frosting.Pillsbury test kitchen home economists have heard it all. When they told me some people were adding melted ice cream to a cake mix, I couldn't believe it. Well, that's precisely what I did with this fun recipe. Choose your flavor and let the ice cream melt. The only trick is that you must have 2 cups of melted ice cream. For super-premium ice creams with little overrun, that's 1 pint frozen. But for less expensive brands with a lot of air piped in, you'll need to begin with more than a pint.  Cake Egg Dessert Bake Freeze Chill Quick & Easy Fall Spring.