Indian-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Cilantro-Mint Chutney recipe. Blend first 5 ingredients and 2 tablespoons yogurt in blender or processor. Blend in more yogurt if necessary to make smooth paste. Chutney can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Whisk first 6 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add chicken and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours. Preheat broiler. Thread 1 chicken piece on each skewer. Cover exposed part of skewers with foil. Broil chicken until cooked through, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes. Arrange lettuce and cucumber on platter. Top with chicken. Squeeze lime over. Serve chicken with Cilantro-Mint Chutney. Indian-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Cilantro-Mint Chutney has 64.0 calories. Indian-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Cilantro-Mint Chutney has 6.0 grams of protein. Indian-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Cilantro-Mint Chutney has 4.0 grams of fat. Indian-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Cilantro-Mint Chutney has 33.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Indian-Spiced Chicken Kebabs with Cilantro-Mint Chutney are 1/2 cup (packed) fresh mint leaves, 1/2 cup (packed) fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 jalapeño chili, seeded, minced, 2 tablespoons (or more) plain yogurt, 1/2 cup plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons tikka paste or mild curry paste (such as Patak's), 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 1/2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breasts, cut into 2-inch cubes, 24 (about) 6-inch bamboo skewers, soaked 30 minutes in water, Butter lettuce leaves, 1/2 small English hothouse cucumber, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise, 2 limes, cut into wedges.Tikka curry paste — used to season the chicken — can be found in Asian markets, but any mild Indian curry paste can be substituted.  Chicken Poultry Appetizer Broil Marinate Yogurt Winter Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.