Indonesian Spiced Rice recipe. Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add chopped onion and chilies and stir until onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Mix turmeric and ground cinnamon. Add rice and stir 2 minutes. Add chicken broth, water and bay leaf. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Mound rice in center of platter. Sprinkle with green onions. Surround with stir-fried vegetables. Cook beans and carrots in large pot of boiling salted water until just crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Can be prepared 1 day ahead of time. Bring to room temperature before continuing.) Rinse cabbage and drain well just before cooking. Heat vegetable oil in wok or heavy large skillet over high heat. Add ginger; press and stir until aromatic. Add cabbage and stir to coat with oil. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add broth, reduce heat to low, cover and cook 2 minutes. Uncover, increase heat to high, add green beans and carrots and stir-fry until heated through. Mix in lime juice and sesame oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Discard ginger and serve. Indonesian Spiced Rice has 365.0 calories. Indonesian Spiced Rice has 6.0 grams of protein. Indonesian Spiced Rice has 12.0 grams of fat. Indonesian Spiced Rice has 620.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Indonesian Spiced Rice are 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 jalapeño chilies, seeded but not deveined, minced, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pound long-grain white rice, 2 14 1/2-ounce cans chicken broth, 1/3 cup water, 1 bay leaf, Chopped green onion tops, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, 4 large carrots, peeled, sliced medium-thin on diagonal, 1/2 small head red cabbage, halved, then cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide pieces, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 fresh ginger slices, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons canned chicken broth or water, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons oriental sesame oil.Turmeric add color and chilies add heat to this superb side dish. Mound it in the middle of the Vegetable Stir-fry.  Pepper Rice Vegetable Stir-Fry Low No Sugar Summer Bon Appétit.