Irish Stew With Pearl Barley recipe.  Preheat the oven to 325°F. Place a flameproof casserole or large saucepan) on a medium-high heat. Trim the excess fat from the chops in half lengthways so as not to go through the bone. When some fat has melted into the pan, pick out the unmelted/unrendered bits and eat them or give them to your dogs!), turn the heat up to high and place the chops in the pan. Cook on both sides, seasoning with salt and pepper, until brown, then transfer them to a plate. Add the carrots, celery, onions and garlic to the pan, season with salt and pepper and toss on the heat for a couple of minutes until starting to go slightly golden at the edges. Return the meat and all the juices) to the pan with the barley and stock and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, cover and cook in the oven for 1 hour. Meanwhile, peel the potatoes and halve if large. Once the hour is up, take the pan out of the oven and place the potatoes on top. Cover and put back in the oven for 35–45 minutes until cooked. Scatter with parsley and serve from the pan. Irish Stew With Pearl Barley has 1424.0 calories. Irish Stew With Pearl Barley has 73.0 grams of protein. Irish Stew With Pearl Barley has 78.0 grams of fat. Irish Stew With Pearl Barley has 1022.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Irish Stew With Pearl Barley are 4 (12-oz., 1 1/4-inch–thick) bone-in lamb leg chops (3 lb. 2 oz. total), Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 9 ounces carrots (small carrots scrubbed and halved at an angle, or large carrots, peeled and cut at an angle into 1 ½-inch pieces), 3 onions, peeled and each cut into 6 wedges, 8 large cloves of garlic, peeled and left whole, 2 ounces pearl barley, 1 pint lamb or chicken stock, 8–12 potatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves.There’s no point in trying to reinvent the wheel when it comes to our great national dish. Having said that, I do love sneaking in lots of gutsy garlic. For the best result, be sure to ask for thick chops on the bone. When made well it’s not hard to see why this is one of Ireland’s favorite dishes.  HarperCollins Lamb Stew Dinner Winter St. Patrick's Day Potato Barley Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.