Israeli Yogurt "Cheese" with Pita and Olives recipe.  Set strainer over large bowl. Line strainer with 4 layers of cheesecloth, allowing 4 inches to extend over sides of strainer do not let strainer touch bottom of bowl). Spoon yogurt into strainer. Gather cheesecloth together; fold over yogurt. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight liquid will drain out and yogurt will thicken). Combine sesame seeds, salt, summer savory, cayenne and cumin in small bowl. Open cheesecloth at top. Using rubber spatula, transfer drained yogurt to bowl. Drizzle olive oil over. Sprinkle with sesame seed mixture. Place bowl in center of platter; surround with pita bread triangles and olives. Broil tomatoes until skins begin to split and blacken in spots, turning occasionally, about 4 minutes. Cool. Peel tomatoes. Cut into wedges. Arrange peppers, tomatoes and eggs on platter. Sprinkle with tuna and capers. Mix oil and lemon juice in small bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drizzle dressing over salad. Israeli Yogurt "Cheese" with Pita and Olives has 155.0 calories. Israeli Yogurt "Cheese" with Pita and Olives has 6.0 grams of protein. Israeli Yogurt "Cheese" with Pita and Olives has 10.0 grams of fat. Israeli Yogurt "Cheese" with Pita and Olives has 290.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Israeli Yogurt "Cheese" with Pita and Olives are Cheesecloth, 4 cups plain yogurt (do not use low-fat or nonfat), 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon dried summer savory, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, Toasted pita bread triangles, Assorted olives.This tangy, fresh yogurt "cheese" -known as labaneh- vies for attention with hummus and tahini on the standard Israeli platter of mezze, or appetizers. Here it's seasoned with sesame seeds and spices, and drizzled with olive oil. Plan to start this the day before serving.  Dairy Herb Appetizer No-Cook Vegetarian Yogurt Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.