Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Generously butter baking dish. Put bread in 2 shallow baking pans and bake, switching position of pans halfway through baking, until just dried out, about 10 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then cook half of sausage, stirring and breaking it into small pieces, until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Brown remaining sausage in remaining tablespoon oil, transferring to bowl. Pour off fat from skillet and wipe clean. Heat butter over medium heat until foam subsides, then cook onions, celery, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Add vegetables and bread to sausage. Whisk together eggs, 1/2 cup cream, turkey stock, cheese, and parsley, then stir into stuffing and cool completely, about 30 minutes. Reserve 5 cups stuffing to stuff turkey and spoon remainder into baking dish, then drizzle with remaining 1/4 cup cream. Cover stuffing and chill. About 1 hour before stuffed turkey is finished roasting, bring dish of stuffing to room temperature. When turkey is done, increase oven temperature to 425°F and bake stuffing, covered tightly with foil, until hot throughout, about 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake until top is golden and crisp, about 15 minutes more. Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing has 407.0 calories. Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing has 13.0 grams of protein. Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing has 26.0 grams of fat. Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing has 481.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Italian Sausage and Bread Stuffing are 1 (3/4- to 1-pound) round Italian loaf, cut into 1-inch cubes (8 cups), 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 pouns sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, divided, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 medium onions, chopped, 4 large celery ribs, chopped, 5 garlic cloves, minced, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3/4 cup heavy cream, divided, 1/2 cup turkey giblet stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth, 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (2 ounces), 1/2 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley, Equipment: a 4-qt shallow ceramic or glass baking dish (14 by 10 by 2 3/4 inches).This is the stuffing of your dreams, in which everything is a little more rustic, rich, and intense than you remember.  Side Bake Christmas Thanksgiving Dinner Stuffing Dressing Meat Sausage Fall Winter Chill Gourmet Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.