Ivory Carrot Soup with a Fine Dice of Orange Carrots recipe.  Warm the butter and oil in a soup pot and add the onion, white carrots, rice, 1 teaspoon salt, and the sugar and thyme. Cook over medium heat for several minutes, turning everything occasionally. Add 1 cup of the water, cover, turn down the heat, and cook while you heat the remaining 3 cups water. When the water is hot, add it to the pot, cover, and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. While the soup is cooking, cook the diced carrots in salted boiling water for about 3 minutes and then drain. When ready, let cool slightly, then remove and discard the thyme sprig. Puree the soup until smooth in a blender. Taste for salt and season with the pepper. Reheat if it has cooled. Ladle the soup into bowls, scatter the diced carrots and carrot tops over each serving, and serve. Ivory Carrot Soup with a Fine Dice of Orange Carrots has 130.0 calories. Ivory Carrot Soup with a Fine Dice of Orange Carrots has 2.0 grams of protein. Ivory Carrot Soup with a Fine Dice of Orange Carrots has 7.0 grams of fat. Ivory Carrot Soup with a Fine Dice of Orange Carrots has 92.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ivory Carrot Soup with a Fine Dice of Orange Carrots are 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound white carrots, scrubbed and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon raw white rice, Sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1 thyme sprig, 4 cups water or light chicken stock, Few tablespoons finely diced orange carrots and/or other colored carrots, Freshly ground pepper, About 1 tablespoon minced fine green carrot tops.What happens if you make a carrot soup with just white carrots? Will people get the carrot taste if the soup isn't orange? Although the carrot flavor is full there, garnishing the soup with carrot greens and finely diced orange and yellow carrots locks the flavor in more firmly. This is an extremely simple soup, intentionally so to underscore the purity of color and flavor. Try making it with pale yellow carrots, too.  Soup Stew Blender Vegetarian Root Vegetable Carrot.