Jalebi recipe. Dissolve the yeast in 1 tablespoon of the water and let sit for just 10 minutes, and no longer. In a large bowl, combine the maida flour and Bengal gram flour. Add the yeast, melted ghee, sugar, lemon juice, yellow food coloring, and remaining 2/3 cup water and mix until there are no more lumps. Melt enough ghee in a heavy-bottomed pot to fill it 1 inch deep. Line plates with paper towels for draining the fried cakes. Pour the lime-saffron syrup into a saucepan over low heat, to keep it warm. Fit a pastry bag with a small writing tip, and pour the batter into the bag. Squeeze 2-inch round whorls of batter into the hot ghee, working closely from the center out. Fry until golden brown on the bottom, then flip to fry on the other side until it's golden brown. Remove the jalebis from the oil and set on paper towels to drain. Transfer the hot cakes to the lime-saffron syrup and let soak for a minute or two. Serve the jalebis warm in small bowls with syrup. Or you can remove the jalebis from the syrup and set on a rack to dry for 3 to 4 hours, until the syrup has formed a hard shell. Indian Spice Jalebi Add 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom to the batter and 3 whole cloves to the syrup. Jalebi has 240.0 calories. Jalebi has 5.0 grams of protein. Jalebi has 11.0 grams of fat. Jalebi has 17.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Jalebi are 1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon plus 2/3 cup water, 1 1/2 cups maida flour, 2 teaspoons Bengal gram flour, 1 1/2 tablespoons ghee, melted, 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 drops yellow food coloring, 2 cups ghee for frying, melted, 1 3/4 cups lime-saffron syrup.Jalebis are small, bright yellow, web-shaped cakes similar to funnel cakes. They are popular celebration and street cakes in Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, and India. Soaking them in saffron syrup and then drying them gives the cakes a crispy outer shell. They are made with maida flour (a finely milled wheat flour) and Bengal gram flour (a flour milled from chickpeas), both of which can be found at Indian groceries. If you can't find them, use cake or pastry flour. If you can find fresh yeast, use it instead of the dry yeast; that is the traditional method and it adds to the flavor.  Dessert Fry Diwali Ramadan Deep-Fry Party Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.