Jerked Pork Chops recipe. Toast the allspice berries in a dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant. Finely grind them with the cinnamon stick in a spice mill. Transfer to a food processor. Add all of the remaining marinade ingredients to the processor and blend until smooth. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper, then rub them all over with the marinade. Place on a plate, cover, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, or, preferably, overnight. Prepare a medium-hot fire in a grill. Remove the pork from the marinade, place on the grill, and grill, turning once, for about 7 minutes on each side; the internal temperature of the chop should be 140 degrees for medium, 150 degrees for well-done. The thinner the chops, the less cooking time required. Serve with the chutney. Recommended wine: A Pinot Noir from Oregon with cherry-cola fruit, soft tannins, and low alcohol. Jerked Pork Chops has 424.0 calories. Jerked Pork Chops has 43.0 grams of protein. Jerked Pork Chops has 19.0 grams of fat. Jerked Pork Chops has 319.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Jerked Pork Chops are 1/4 cup allspice berries, 1-inch cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stemmed, halved, and seeded, 1/2 medium red onion, diced, 1/2 cup finely chopped scallions (white and green parts), 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons peeled and minced ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1/4 cup dark rum, 6 loin pork chops, about 1 1/2 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 1/2 cups Golden Pineapple Chutney.Jamaica's native herbs and spices glorify the lush island's most popular meat. I serve this with Golden Pineapple Chutney . These chops need at least 4 hours' marinating time, and if you can let them sit overnight, they'll be even better.  Rum Food Processor Ginger Marinate Pork Chop Spice Hot Pepper Summer Grill Grill Barbecue.