Jerusalem Artichoke and Sage Gratin recipe.  Peel Jerusalem artichokes and cut into 1-inch pieces. In a stainless-steel or enameled saucepan combine artichokes, milk, and enough water to cover artichokes by 1 inch and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. Milk will help prevent artichokes from discoloring.) While artichokes are cooking, in a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and sauté onion, garlic, and 1 tablespoon sage until onion is golden, about minutes. Preheat oven to 425° F. Drain artichokes and in a food processor pulse with onion mixture and Parmesan until smooth. Spoon purée into a 2-quart buttered gratin dish. In large skillet melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter over moderate heat and sauté bread crumbs with remaining 2 tablespoons sage until golden, about 5 minutes. Season bread crumbs with salt and pepper and sprinkle evenly over purée. Gratin may be prepared up to this point 2 days ahead and chilled covered. Bake gratin in middle of oven until hot and bread crumbs are a shade darker, about 20 minutes, and garnish with fried sage leaves. In a small skillet heat 1/8 inch oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and fry sage leaves, 1 at a time, about 3 seconds, until crisp, transferring with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle sage leaves with coarse salt. Jerusalem Artichoke and Sage Gratin has 916.0 calories. Jerusalem Artichoke and Sage Gratin has 14.0 grams of protein. Jerusalem Artichoke and Sage Gratin has 67.0 grams of fat. Jerusalem Artichoke and Sage Gratin has 383.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Jerusalem Artichoke and Sage Gratin are 4 pounds Jerusalem artichokes, 2 cups milk, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 1/2 cups fresh bread crumbs, olive oil for frying, 12 whole fresh sage leaves, coarse salt for sprinkling.If you're preparing this dish as a part of your Thanksgiving meal, put this gratin in the oven once the turkey comes out.  Side Bake Sauté Thanksgiving Vegetarian Parmesan Jerusalem Artichoke Fall Chill Sage Gourmet.