Julia's and Jacques's Deglazing Sauce for Roast Chicken recipe. Remove the chicken to rest; have ready a strainer set over a small saucepan. Tilt the roasting pan so the remaining fat and juices accumulate in one corner. Carefully spoon off most of the fat reserve for vinaigrette or other uses). Place the roasting pan on a stove burner over medium heat; add the shallots and stir for a moment until sizzling. Pour in the wine or vermouth and the stock and heat rapidly to a simmer, scraping up all the glazed bits in the pan. Cook briefly until the glaze is melted and the liquid is slightly syrupy. Strain into the saucepan, pressing the strained bits to release their juice. If you like the bits, don't strain.) Taste the sauce and adjust seasoning; you may add more wine or stock and boil it down a bit to thicken. Whisk in the butter just before serving, if you wish, for a richer finish. If you find it difficult to deglaze a large roasting pan over a burner, first scrape the defatted juices and as much of the glazed bits as you can into the saucepan. Pour a small amount of boiling water into the roasting pan and scrape to melt the remaining glaze. Add to the saucepan with the shallots, wine, and stock; bring to the boil and cook until thickened. Strain and whisk in optional butter. Julia's and Jacques's Deglazing Sauce for Roast Chicken has 67.0 calories. Julia's and Jacques's Deglazing Sauce for Roast Chicken has 2.0 grams of protein. Julia's and Jacques's Deglazing Sauce for Roast Chicken has 1.0 grams of fat. Julia's and Jacques's Deglazing Sauce for Roast Chicken has 651.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Julia's and Jacques's Deglazing Sauce for Roast Chicken are 1 to 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1/3 cup dry white French vermouth or dry white wine, 2/3 cup or more chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter (optional).The juices from any roast—poultry or meat—caramelize in the pan, leaving a residue of brown glaze with intense flavor. In the process called "deglazing," we melt these brown bits in hot liquid (wine, stock, and/or water), to create a quick sauce of concentrated natural essences. Make this pan sauce for either of our roast chickens.  Sauce Chicken Fall Gourmet.