Kale, Tomato, and Lemon Magic One-Pot Spaghetti recipe. Fill and boil a kettle of water and get all your ingredients and equipment together. You need a large, shallow pan with a lid. Put the pasta into the pan. Quickly chop the tomatoes in half and throw them into the pan. Grate in the zest of both lemons and add the oil and salt. Add about 1 quart/1 liter of boiling water, put a lid on the pan, and bring back to a boil. Remove the lid and simmer on high heat for 6 minutes, using a pair of tongs to turn the pasta every 30 seconds or so as it cooks. Meanwhile, remove any tough stalks from the kale or spinach and coarsely tear the leaves. Once the pasta has had 6 minutes, add the kale and continue to cook for a further 2 minutes. Once almost all the water has evaporated, take the pan off the heat and tangle the pasta into four bowls. If you like, top with a little Parmesan. Kale, Tomato, and Lemon Magic One-Pot Spaghetti has 601.0 calories. Kale, Tomato, and Lemon Magic One-Pot Spaghetti has 14.0 grams of protein. Kale, Tomato, and Lemon Magic One-Pot Spaghetti has 25.0 grams of fat. Kale, Tomato, and Lemon Magic One-Pot Spaghetti has 599.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Kale, Tomato, and Lemon Magic One-Pot Spaghetti are 14 ounces/400 g spaghetti or linguine, 14 ounces/400 g cherry tomatoes, Zest of 2 large unwaxed lemons, 7 tablespoons/100 ml olive oil, 2 heaping teaspoons flaky sea salt (if you are using fine-grain table salt, add a bit less), 1 (14-ounce/400-g) bunch of kale or spinach, Parmesan cheese (I use a vegetarian one) (optional).This pasta is a complete revelation. The sauce is magically made from the pasta water and tomatoes as the pasta cooks—all in one pan. No fuss, one pan, and a killer bowl of pasta. Pasta and gluten sometimes get bad press. I think there is a time and place for a good bowl of pasta. Saying that, I opt for interesting pastas as often as I do the traditional kind. Try corn, chickpea, or buckwheat spaghetti—they are gluten-free, and all have incredible individual flavors and make a welcome change if pasta is a staple in your house. The key to this recipe is to measure your water carefully and to use the right pan: you need a large, shallow sauté pan or casserole large enough to fit the pasta lying down. A large, deep frying pan or wok would work well too.  Pasta One-Pot Meal Tomato Lemon Kale Quick & Easy Parmesan Dinner Vegetarian.