Katniss's Favorite Lamb Stew with Dried Plums recipe.  Place lamb, salt, pepper, and flour in a large mixing bowl. Toss to coat meat evenly. Heat olive oil in a large pan and brown the meat, working in batches if you have to. Remove lamb to a side plate. Pour off fat, leaving 1/4 cup in the pan. Add the garlic and onion and sauté until the onion becomes golden. Deglaze frying pan with the 1/2 cup water, taking care to scrape the bottom of the pan to stir up all of the tasty bits of meat and onion. Cook to reduce liquid slightly, then remove from heat. Place the lamb and garlic-onion mixture in a large stockpot. Add beef stock and sugar, stirring until sugars are dissolved. Bring mixture to a boil, cover, and simmer for 1-1/2 hours. Add the vegetables, dried plums, herbs, and ginger ale to the pot. Simmer for 30-45 minutes, or until meat and vegetables pierce easily with a fork. Katniss's Favorite Lamb Stew with Dried Plums has 618.0 calories. Katniss's Favorite Lamb Stew with Dried Plums has 65.0 grams of protein. Katniss's Favorite Lamb Stew with Dried Plums has 19.0 grams of fat. Katniss's Favorite Lamb Stew with Dried Plums has 1057.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Katniss's Favorite Lamb Stew with Dried Plums are 5 pounds lamb fillet, shoulder or leg, cut into 2-inch pieces, 2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1/2 cup water, 4 cups beef stock, 2 teaspoons white sugar, 3 teaspoons brown sugar, 3 cups diced carrots, 1 cup diced zucchini, 1 1/2 cups diced celery, 2 large onions, diced, 3 potatoes, cubed, 5 cups dried plums, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 3 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup ginger ale.Katniss's favorite food from the Capitol is the delicious lamb stew with dried plums. It's no coincidence that this is her favorite dish. Soups and stews are common foods in the Seam, and this healthy and filling dish likely reminded her of the home and family she desperately missed. (The Hunger Games, Chapter 9).  Soup Stew Herb Lamb Potato Braise Stew Kid-Friendly Dinner Plum Fall Winter Potluck Simmer Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.