Katy's Dates with Ancho Chili Oil recipe. To make the ancho chili oil, put the olive oil and the chili powder in a small pan over low heat and warm gently for 10 minutes; set aside for 1 hour to infuse, then strain through a sheet of paper towel. This can be done the day before. Position a rack at the top of the oven and preheat to 350°F. In a small bowl, mix the walnuts, sage, garlic, orange zest, and olive oil to form a crumbly paste. Using a teaspoon press the paste into the cavities of the dates. Wrap each date with a 3-inch-long strip of the ham. The dates can be covered and refrigerated until an hour before guests arrive, when they should be brought to room temperature.) Place the dates on an ungreased baking sheet and roast for 5 minutes 8, if they're cold); arrange on a serving tray and drip with the ancho chili oil. Serve warm or at room temperature. Napkins are a must. The ingredients of Katy's Dates with Ancho Chili Oil are 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1/2 cup minced walnuts, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 10 Medjool dates, cut in halves or thirds and pitted, 8 thin slices Serrano ham or prosciutto, cut into 3/4-inch-wide strips.I first met Katy Sparks in the flesh at New York City's French Culinary Institute. We were both there to teach on a mentorship program, and since I was already wild about the food at her restaurant, Quilty's, I made a beeline for her and insisted we become friends and spend lots of time eating together. For fun, Katy and I have given several cooking classes working as a duet; she made these dates at our first class together. They are just the kind of thing I find irresistible — sweet, crunchy, juicy, spicy — you name it, they've got it. Once you have the ingredients, they're very easy to put together.  Fruit Pork Appetizer Bake Cocktail Party Date Walnut Prosciutto Sage Engagement Party Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.