Key Lime Cheesecake with Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Stir flour, coconut, and sugar in medium bowl to blend. Drizzle butter over and mix until crumbs stick together; press firmly onto bottom of 9-inch-diameter springform pan. Bake crust until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool crust. Stack 3 large sheets of 18-inch-wide heavy-duty foil on work surface. Place cake pan in center. Wrap foil snugly around pan sides. Maintain oven temperature. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese in large bowl until smooth. Beat in sour cream, then sugar. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl. Beat in lime juice, lime peel, and vanilla. Pour batter over crust. Place wrapped cheesecake in large roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into roasting pan to come halfway up sides of cheesecake pan. Cover cheesecake pan not roasting pan) loosely with foil. Place cheesecake, still in water bath, into oven. Bake 1 hour. Uncover and continue to bake until just set in center when cake pan is gently shaken, about 20 minutes longer. Remove cake from water and place directly into refrigerator; chill uncovered overnight. Cut around cake to loosen. Remove pan sides. Slice cake; serve with chutney. Key Lime Cheesecake with Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney has 411.0 calories. Key Lime Cheesecake with Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney has 7.0 grams of protein. Key Lime Cheesecake with Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney has 29.0 grams of fat. Key Lime Cheesecake with Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney has 256.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Key Lime Cheesecake with Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney are 2/3 cup all purpose flour, 2/3 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 1/3 cup sugar, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, 3 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1 cup sugar, 5 large eggs, 3 tablespoons fresh Key lime juice, 2 teaspoons finely grated Key lime peel, 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, Tropical Dried-Fruit Chutney. Cake Mixer Egg Bake Vegetarian Cream Cheese Lime Coconut Summer Sour Cream Bon Appétit.