Kreplach recipe. Prepare 1 of the 3 fillings and refrigerate before you begin preparing dough: Heat corn oil in a skillet; sauté onions until nicely browned, remove with a slotted spoon, and set aside. Add meat to the pan and sauté on high heat, stirring frequently until all meat is browned. Put the onions back in, and sauté with meat, stirring constantly for 1 minute. Let cool. In a bowl, thoroughly mix meat-onion mixture with all remaining ingredients. Heat corn oil in a skillet, and sauté onions until nicely browned. At the last minute, add garlic, which browns quickly. In a large bowl, combine onion-garlic mixture with all other ingredients, and blend thoroughly. Combine all ingredients in a bowl, and blend thoroughly. Sift flour and 1 teaspoon salt into a large bowl, and create a well in the center. Pour eggs into the well, and, wetting your hands, knead into a dough. Add water, and continue kneading until dough is smooth. Roll dough into a ball, place it in a bowl, cover the bowl with a damp cloth, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. On a well-floured board, roll dough as close as possible to paper-thinness with a floured rolling pin. Cut into 2-inch squares. You can roll each individual square a bit thinner before you fill it. Have bowl with beaten egg, a teaspoon, and filling at hand. Place a flatware teaspoon of filling in the center of the square and fold diagonally to create a triangle. Seal sides with egg mixture. Bring a pot of water to a vigorous boil, add 1 tablespoon salt, drop in the kreplach, and cook for 20 minutes. Serve in chicken soup or, for dairy fillings, with sour cream and fried onions. Kreplach has 100.0 calories. Kreplach has 3.0 grams of protein. Kreplach has 3.0 grams of fat. Kreplach has 251.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Kreplach are 3 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 egg, beaten, for binding kreplach, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 3/4 cup finely chopped onion, 1/2 pound chopmeat, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 3/4 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon finely chopped or crushed fresh garlic, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup cooked, mashed potato, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced scallions, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup farmer cheese, 1/4 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten.Called Jewish wontons or raviolis, kreplach are pasta dumplings, usually triangular in shape, filled with minced meat, onion-spiced potatoes, or cheese. Kreplach carries a lot of lofty symbolism; its triangular shape represents Judaism's three patriarchs: Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Equally lofty: the Jewish momma who can roll her kreplach dough to optimum thinness (so that, according to Sam Levenson, "a tempting bit of their buried treasure should show through"). If the wrappers are not paper-thin, your kreplach will taste like "craplach." However, though we've included wrappers in this recipe, there's really no reason to knock yourself out making them. Just purchase wonton wrappers in a Chinese food store or supermarket, and making kreplach becomes a cinch. There's even a kosher brand called Nasoya, available in many supermarkets; look for it near the tofu.  Beef Cheese Egg Potato Purim Sukkot Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Kosher Shavuot.