Lamb and White Bean Stew with Spinach, Parsley, and Dill recipe. In a 5-quart heavy-duty Dutch oven, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter and 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium heat. Add the leek, scallions, and garlic, and sauté, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach, parsley, and dill, and stir constantly until the greens are just wilted. Remove the Dutch oven from the heat and set it aside. In a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat, add the remaining butter and olive oil. When hot, add the lamb, a few pieces at a time, and brown on all sides. Season with salt and pepper, and transfer the lamb to the Dutch oven with the greens. The meat may be seared in 2 batches. Add the turmeric to the same skillet and stir for a few seconds, Add the chicken broth, scraping up any brown bits, and bring to a boil. Pour over the meat and greens mixture. Cover the Dutch oven, bring to a boil over medium heat, then turn the heat to low. Add the lemon juice and zest and simmer for 1 hour. Stir in the cooked beans and continue to simmer 10 to 15 minutes more, until the beans are hot and the meat is tender. Spoon over a bed of orzo or rice if you wish. Lamb and White Bean Stew with Spinach, Parsley, and Dill has 1030.0 calories. Lamb and White Bean Stew with Spinach, Parsley, and Dill has 22.0 grams of protein. Lamb and White Bean Stew with Spinach, Parsley, and Dill has 93.0 grams of fat. Lamb and White Bean Stew with Spinach, Parsley, and Dill has 1623.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lamb and White Bean Stew with Spinach, Parsley, and Dill are 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2/3 cup finely chopped leek, white part only (about 1 medium leek), 1 1/4 cups thinly sliced scallions (about 5 or 6 large scallions), 2 teaspoons finely minced garlic (2 large cloves), 2 pounds fresh crinkly leaf spinach, stems trimmed, or two 10-ounce packages or 1 1/4 pounds frozen spinach, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh parsley (about 4 ounces), 2 tablespoons coarsely snipped fresh dill, 1 pound lean lamb, cut into 3/4 inch cubes and dried on paper towels, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoon ground turmeric, 1 1/4 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons lemon juice (about 1/2 large lemon), 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 cups cooked white cannellini beans (about 4 ounces dried beans cooked or one 19-ounce can, rinsed and drained).This unusual Iranian stew is served hot at the table from the casserole in which it has been cooked. The lid is lifted, and the delicious aromas of rich tender lamb, fresh herbs, spinach and beans fill the room. Serve with rice or orzo.  Soup Stew Bean Lamb Stew High Fiber Leek Spinach Dill Parsley.