Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas recipe.  In a small skillet, warm 6 tablespoons olive oil, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, dried garlic, dried onion, and coarse salt over medium-low heat until the spices just start to sizzle and turn very light brown, about 2 minutes. Quickly pour into a heat-safe bowl and allow to cool completely. Season the lamb chops with 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; set aside. In a large skillet, heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add onion and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt and sauté until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add carrots and sauté until softened and starting to brown, about 6 minutes. Add garlic, 2 teaspoons harissa, cumin, and paprika and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute more. Add broth and scrape up brown bits from bottom of pan. Stir in chickpeas, tomatoes, remaining 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning, adding more harissa if desired. In a large skillet preferably cast iron) over high heat, heat vegetable oil. Sear chops, working in batches if necessary, 3 minutes per side, until the internal temperature reaches 125°F for medium rare. Mix yogurt with lemon juice. Gently fold in 1 tablespoon everything-bagel-spiced olive oil. To serve, spoon the chickpea mixture onto the plate. Top each chop with a dollop of yogurt. Finish with an additional drizzle of the spiced oil. Sprinkle with parsley and serve. Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas has 5578.0 calories. Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas has 212.0 grams of protein. Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas has 503.0 grams of fat. Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas has 2064.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lamb Chops with Everything-Bagel Yogurt and Chickpeas are 7 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 1/2 teaspoons poppy seeds, 2 1/2 teaspoons sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons dried minced garlic, 2 teaspoons dried minced onion, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 8 1-inch-thick lamb rib or loin chops (about 1 1/2 pounds), 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1/2 cup chopped yellow onion, 1/2 pound carrots, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices on a bias, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons to 2 tablespoons harissa paste (depending on heat and saltiness), 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/3 cup low-sodium chicken broth, 1 15-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, such as grapeseed, 3/4 cup plain Greek yogurt (full-fat or low-fat), 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley.Splurge on lamb rib chops or save on loin chops; either way you will enjoy this Moroccan-inspired meal. The familiar flavors of an everything bagel make a surprise appearance here to spice a zesty yogurt dip. Harissa paste (available in specialty food stores and many grocery stores) adds a fiery punch to chickpeas simmered with carrots and tomatoes. It can vary greatly in spiciness and saltiness from brand to brand, so add a little at first and taste as you go.  Lamb Kid-Friendly Yogurt Lamb Chop Chickpea Carrot Cumin Paprika Quick and Healthy.