Lavash recipe.  Mix together flours, shortening, salt, and sugar in mixer using dough hook attachment at medium speed until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add water and egg and mix 5 minutes dough will be very sticky). Scrape down side of bowl and cover with plastic wrap, then let stand at warm room temperature at least 1 and up to 4 hours. Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Stir together butter 2 tablespoons) and garlic. Lightly brush baking pans with additional melted butter. Turn out dough onto a well-floured surface and dust generously with flour, then divide dough into 2 equal portions. Roll out 1 portion of dough with a lightly floured rolling pin into a roughly 10- by 7-inch rectangle. Dough will be very soft.) Dust backs of your hands with flour and slide them under dough. Working over 1 of the baking pans, gently stretch dough as evenly as possible to fit into pan. Pull sides and corners of dough to cover bottom of pan evenly. Sides of dough may be slightly thicker than center.) Repair any holes in dough by pinching and pressing dough together. Repeat with second piece of dough and other baking pan. Brush surface of dough lightly with garlic butter be careful not to tear the dough), then sprinkle evenly with sesame seeds, lightly pressing to help them adhere. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake, switching position of baking pans in oven and rotating them 180 degrees halfway through baking, until golden, 25 to 35 minutes total. Cool lavash in pans on racks, about 15 minutes. Lavash will crisp as it cools.) Break into pieces to serve. Lavash has 192.0 calories. Lavash has 5.0 grams of protein. Lavash has 9.0 grams of fat. Lavash has 325.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lavash are 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour plus additional for dusting, 1 tablespoon whole-wheat flour, 1/3 cup vegetable shortening (preferably trans-fat-free) at room temperature, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon sugar, 2/3 cup water, 1 1/2 tablespoons beaten egg (from 1 large egg), 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus additional for greasing, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 1/2 teaspoons white sesame seeds, 1 1/2 teaspoons black sesame seeds, 1/4 cup grated Asiago cheese (3/4 oz), Special equipment: a stand mixer with dough hook attachment; 2 (17- by 12-inch) shallow baking pans.With its tantalizing aroma of garlic, sesame, and Asiago cheese, this Middle Eastern flatbread may well be gone before you can even put it on the table.  Bread Cheese Garlic Appetizer Side Bake Vegetarian Quick & Easy Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.