Layered Rice Salad with Red and Green Salsas recipe. Combine water, olive oil and salt in large saucepan. Bring to boil. Add rice. Return to boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover saucepan and cook until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Fluff rice with fork. Transfer to baking sheet and cool completely. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine all ingredients in large bowl. Toss to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix beans, coriander and onion salt in medium bowl. Mix purchased salsa, bell peppers, onion, parsley and oil in another large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon 2 cups rice into 4-quart clear glass bowl. Spoon green salsa evenly over rice. Spoon another 2 cups rice evenly over salsa. Spread sour cream over rice. Spoon all but 1/4 cup beans over sour cream. Spread remaining rice over beans. Spread red salsa over rice. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup beans over salad. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours. Sprinkle with basil. Layered Rice Salad with Red and Green Salsas has 290.0 calories. Layered Rice Salad with Red and Green Salsas has 8.0 grams of protein. Layered Rice Salad with Red and Green Salsas has 10.0 grams of fat. Layered Rice Salad with Red and Green Salsas has 753.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Layered Rice Salad with Red and Green Salsas are 5 1/2 cups water, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups long-grain white rice, 9 tomatillos,* husked, coarsely chopped, 1 1/2 cups chopped green bell peppers, 3/4 cup chopped green onions (dark green parts only), 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 15-ounce cans black beans, drained, rinsed, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon onion salt, 1 cup purchased medium-hot red salsa, 2 cups chopped red bell peppers, 1/2 cup chopped red onion, 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil, *A green tomato-like vegetable with a paper-thin husk. Available at Latin American markets and some supermarkets..You'll need a big glass bowl or a trifle dish to show off the salad to its best advantage. An accompaniment to Chicken Chili Verde .  Salad Bean Rice Side Picnic Basil Bell Pepper Chill Sour Cream Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious.