Lechón Asado recipe.  Combine the juices, garlic, dried oregano, cumin optional), and black pepper for the marinade in a blender and process until smooth. Set aside until ready to use. Place the pork in a large roasting pan. With the tip of a sharp knife, make numerous
incisions into the meat do not score the skin). Toss the marinade over the pork, cover
with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator to marinate overnight, turning the meat
several times if possible. Preheat the oven to 250°F. Bring the pork to room temperature. Remove the meat from the marinade, pat it dry,
and reserve the marinade. Place the pork skin-side up inside the roasting pan and add the
marinade back into the roasting pan. Cover the pork with aluminum foil and insert into
the oven. Cook for 8 to 9 hours until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 170°F to
190°F near the bone, shreds easily, and the liquid runs clear when the meat is pierced. To get crisp skin, remove the pork from the oven and turn the oven up to 450°F.
Once the oven is preheated, remove the foil from the pork and put it back in the oven.
Check the pork every few minutes so the skin does not burn. Remove the pork when it has
crisped nicely, 15 to 30 minutes total. Remove the pork from the oven and let it rest 15 to 20 minutes before carving.
Discard the braising liquid. Serve in chunks and drizzle with Mojo Criollo sauce. The ingredients of Lechón Asado are 2 cups freshly squeezed sour orange juice or equal parts lime and orange juice, 1 whole head of garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon freshly ground cumin (optional), 2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 7-to-8-pound bone-in, skin-on pork shoulder, 1 cup Mojo Criollo.From wild pigs fed on small nuts retrieved by ranch hands nimbly climbing royal palms to all day vigils around wooden roasting boxes, getting pork right is a serious Cuban affair. This Lechón Asado falls in between those extremes. The pork shoulder is marinated in mojo then oven-roasted over several hours, usually overnight. The heat is cranked up at the very end until the skin turns a deep golden brown. Traditionally made for Nochebuena, it’s a holiday dish that’s simple enough to make for any occasion. This recipe comes from Sofía Benítez Otero.  Pork Roast Cuba.