Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade recipe.  Using a knife, cut peel and white pith, end to end, from lemons. Juice enough flesh to measure ⅓ cup; reserve. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add peel; boil for 5 minutes. Drain; repeat 2 more times. Let peel cool; slice lengthwise into thin strips, then crosswise in half. In a small heavy saucepan over medium heat, stir sugar, reserved 1/3 cup lemon juice, and 1/4 cup water until sugar dissolves. Add peel, bring to a simmer, and cook until mixture is reduced to ⅔ cup and an instant-read thermometer reads 225°F about 10 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made up to 2 weeks ahead. Cover and chill. Pour 1/2 cup milk into a medium bowl; sprinkle gelatin over. Let sit until gelatin softens, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine cream, sugar, lemon peel, and remaining 1/2 cup milk in a large saucepan. Scrape vanilla seeds from bean into saucepan; add bean. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat; cover and let steep for 10 minutes. Bring cream mixture back to a simmer. Add gelatin mixture and stir until dissolved. Strain. Divide among eight 3/4-cup ramekins. Chill uncovered until panna cotta is set, at least 6 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Using a small sharp knife, cut around edges of each panna cotta. Place a small serving plate atop each ramekin and invert, allowing panna cotta to settle onto plate. Serve with marmalade. Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade has 283.0 calories. Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade has 3.0 grams of protein. Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade has 15.0 grams of fat. Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade has 30.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon Pannacotta with Lemon Marmalade are 3 large lemons, 3/4 cup sugar, 1 cup whole milk, divided, 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar, Peel from 1 lemon (removed with a vegetable peeler), 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise."There are as many variations on this easy, classic dessert as there are fruits."—Jimmy Bannos, Jr.  Milk Cream Dairy Dessert Cocktail Party Easter Mother's Day Lemon Birthday Shower Christmas Eve Engagement Party Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.