Lemon Tea Cake with Blueberry-Red Wine Sauce recipe. Stir water, sugar, dry red wine, fresh lemon juice and cornstarch in medium saucepan over medium heat until cornstarch dissolves and mixture boils. Add blueberries. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat back of spoon, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Stir in spices. Cool. Preheat oven to 325°F. Spray 8-inch square glass baking dish with nonstick vegetable oil spray. Line bottom of baking dish with parchment paper. Spray parchment with vegetable oil spray. Dust dish and parchment with flour. Beat butter and sugar in large bowl until fluffy. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time. Beat in grated lemon peel, lemon juice and vanilla extract. Sift cake flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt into medium bowl. Mix dry ingredients into butter mixture alternately with sour cream. Pour batter into prepared baking pan. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool cake on rack 10 minutes. Cut around sides of cake. Turn out onto rack. Peel off paper. Turn cake over. Cool. Sauce and cake can be prepared 1 day ahead. Refrigerate sauce; wrap cake in aluminum foil and store at room temperature.) Cut cake into triangles; arrange on plates. Spoon sauce over. Lemon Tea Cake with Blueberry-Red Wine Sauce has 565.0 calories. Lemon Tea Cake with Blueberry-Red Wine Sauce has 7.0 grams of protein. Lemon Tea Cake with Blueberry-Red Wine Sauce has 22.0 grams of fat. Lemon Tea Cake with Blueberry-Red Wine Sauce has 229.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon Tea Cake with Blueberry-Red Wine Sauce are 1/2 cup water, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup dry red wine, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons grated lemon peel, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups sifted cake flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup sour cream. Cake Dessert Bake Blueberry Lemon Red Wine Summer Bon Appétit.