Lemon-Scented Ricotta and Mascarpone Cream Puffs recipe. Bring milk, butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, and salt to boil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring until butter melts. Add flour; stir until batter is smooth and forms ball, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and whisk in eggs, 1 at a time. Add enough oil to heavy large saucepan to reach depth of 2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pan and heat oil to 350°F. Working in batches, drop 1 tablespoon batter into oil for each cream puff. Fry until golden brown and puffed, about 5 minutes per batch. Using slotted spoon, transfer cream puffs to paper towels to drain. Can be made 6 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Blend ricotta cheese, mascarpone cheese, 1/4 cup powdered sugar, and lemon peel in medium bowl for filling. Cut cream puffs in half horizontally. Spoon 1 rounded teaspoon filling into bottoms; cover with tops. Arrange on platter. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup powdered sugar. Lemon-Scented Ricotta and Mascarpone Cream Puffs has 104.0 calories. Lemon-Scented Ricotta and Mascarpone Cream Puffs has 2.0 grams of protein. Lemon-Scented Ricotta and Mascarpone Cream Puffs has 8.0 grams of fat. Lemon-Scented Ricotta and Mascarpone Cream Puffs has 32.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon-Scented Ricotta and Mascarpone Cream Puffs are 3/4 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, diced, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch of salt, 3/4 cup all purpose flour, 4 large eggs, Vegetable oil (for frying), 1 cup whole-milk ricotta cheese, 1/3 cup mascarpone cheese, 3/4 cup powdered sugar, divided, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel.Chef Sal Passalacqua of Dimaio Cucina in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey, writes: "My father's family is from Sicily and I spent my teenage years there, so that's where a lot of my culinary influences come from. At first glance, Sicilian cooking seems very simple, but that simplicity depends on using the freshest ingredients and often the combination of sweet and tart flavors. The anchovy pasta and the ricotta and mascarpone cream puffs here are perfect examples.".  Milk Cream Citrus Egg Dessert Ricotta Deep-Fry Pastry Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.