Lemon Pine Nut Tagliatelle recipe. Mince the parsley and place it in a large shallow bowl. Add the oil, lemon zest, and pine nuts and mix until well combined. Season with salt, cover, and let sit for at least 2 hours at room temperature. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the tagliatelle, stir, and cook until it is al dente tender but still firm to the bite), 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of the cooking water. Add the hot pasta along with the cooking water immediately to the prepared sauce and toss until the sauce is thoroughly distributed. Season with salt and pepper and toss again. To serve, use two spoons and carefully scoop up the pasta, making sure to get pine nuts with each serving see Note). Serve with lemon wedges if desired for squeezing atop the pasta. Note: The pine nuts tend to fall to the bottom of the bowl no matter how well you toss the pasta. Once the pasta is served, simply return to the bowl and evenly distribute the remaining pine nuts over each serving. Lemon Pine Nut Tagliatelle has 736.0 calories. Lemon Pine Nut Tagliatelle has 19.0 grams of protein. Lemon Pine Nut Tagliatelle has 28.0 grams of fat. Lemon Pine Nut Tagliatelle has 459.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon Pine Nut Tagliatelle are 1 cup (gently packed) fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, Zest of 2 lemons, cut into fine (julienne) strips, 1/2 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted, Fine sea salt, 1 recipe fresh pasta dough cut into tagliatelle (about 1 3/4 pounds), Freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, cut into 6 wedges (optional)."This is one of my favorite pastas," Lisa Bonacossi said, citing its simplicity. "it is made with lemons, pine nuts, and oil that everyone has on hand." The flavors are simple and brilliant. The sauce is best served with fresh tagliatelle. I serve it with lemon wedges too for those who like to squeeze a bit of fresh juice over the pasta. Serve this with a well-chilled Pinot Grigio for a nice, bright combination.  Citrus Herb Nut Pasta Vegetarian Dinner Lemon Pine Nut Party Noodle Parsley Boil Sugar Conscious Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.