Lemon Chicken and Artichokes with Dill Sauce recipe. Squeeze juice from lemons into large pot of salted water. Add lemons. Trim artichokes and cut lengthwise into quarters; add to pot. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Cover partially and boil until artichokes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Using shears, cut 1/2 inch off tips of leaves. Scoop out choke. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool. Wrap tightly in plastic and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk wine, lemon juice, oil, and garlic in large bowl to blend. Add chicken. Turn to coat. Let marinate 20 minutes. Remove chicken from marinade and arrange, skin side up, on large rimmed baking sheet. Reserve marinade. Bake chicken 30 minutes. Meanwhile, add artichokes to marinade in large bowl and toss to coat. Let marinate 25 minutes. Transfer artichokes to another large rimmed baking sheet; place in oven with chicken and bake 10 minutes. Pour marinade into saucepan and bring to boil. Baste chicken and artichokes with 1/3 of marinade. Continue baking until chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chicken and artichokes to platter; tent with foil. Strain pan juices from baking sheets into 2-cup glass measuring cup. Transfer 1 1/4 cups pan juices to medium saucepan. Whisk in egg yolks. Whisk constantly over medium-high heat just until mixture boils and thickens, about 3 minutes. Stir in dill. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Spoon some sauce over chicken and artichokes on platter. Serve, passing remaining sauce separately. Lemon Chicken and Artichokes with Dill Sauce has 1546.0 calories. Lemon Chicken and Artichokes with Dill Sauce has 119.0 grams of protein. Lemon Chicken and Artichokes with Dill Sauce has 100.0 grams of fat. Lemon Chicken and Artichokes with Dill Sauce has 725.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon Chicken and Artichokes with Dill Sauce are 2 lemons, halved, 8 large artichokes, 2/3 cup dry white wine, 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, 1/3 cup olive oil, 12 garlic cloves, minced, 2 chickens (each about 3 3/4 pounds), giblets removed, each cut into 8 pieces, 3 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill.Serve this dish on a bed of orzo to capture every drop of the tart, creamy sauce. After trimming and slicing each artichoke, immediately place the quarters in the pot of lemony water so that they won't turn brown. What to drink: Sauvignon Blanc.  Chicken Bake Artichoke Spring Dill Bon Appétit.