Lemon Meringue Buttercream recipe. In a small heavy saucepan whisk together yolks and sugar and whisk in lemon juice, butter, and a pinch of salt. Cook mixture over moderately low heat, whisking, until it reaches boiling point, 5 to 7 minutes do not let it boil). Strain curd through a fine sieve into a bowl and cool, its surface covered with a plastic wrap. Chill curd, covered at least 4 hours or overnight. In a heavy saucepan combine sugar and water and bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil syrup, undisturbed, until it reaches 248°F on candy thermometer. While syrup is boiling, in a standing electric mixer beat whites with a pinch salt until foamy and beat in cream of tarter. Beat whites until they just hold stiff peaks and add hot syrup in a stream, beating. Beat mixture at medium speed until completely cool, 15 to 20 minutes. Beat in butter, 1 piece at a time, and beat until it is thick and smooth. Buttercream will at first appear very thin but as more butter is beaten in, it will thicken.) Beat in lemon curd and salt, beating until smooth, and drizzle in framboise, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating. Buttercream may be made 4 days ahead and chilled in an airtight container or 2 weeks ahead and frozen in anairtight container. Let buttercream come completely to room temperature this may take several hours if frozen) and beat before using. Lemon Meringue Buttercream has 344.0 calories. Lemon Meringue Buttercream has 2.0 grams of protein. Lemon Meringue Buttercream has 31.0 grams of fat. Lemon Meringue Buttercream has 56.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon Meringue Buttercream are 5 large egg yolks, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 2/3 cup water, 8 large egg whites, 3/4 tablespoon cream of tartar, 10 sticks (5 cups) unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened to cool room temperature, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons eau-de-vie-de-framboise. Dairy Dessert Lemon Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.