Lemon, Honey and Walnut Tart recipe. Mix first 6 ingredients with electric mixer until well blended. Add flour and mix until just combined. Gather dough into ball; flatten to disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Let dough soften slightly before continuing.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Roll dough out between sheets of waxed paper to 12-inch-diameter round. Remove top sheet of paper. Transfer dough to prepared pan, discarding second sheet of paper. Trim and finish edges. refrigerate 15 minutes. Line dough with foil and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake 15 minutes. Remove beans and foil and continue baking until crust is golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool completely on rack. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 8 ingredients in bowl until smooth. Spread walnuts in crust. Pour lemon mixture over. Bake until filling is just set in center, about 35 minutes. Cool tart on rack. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Arrange strawberry halves, points towards center, around outer edge of tart and serve. Lemon, Honey and Walnut Tart has 579.0 calories. Lemon, Honey and Walnut Tart has 10.0 grams of protein. Lemon, Honey and Walnut Tart has 31.0 grams of fat. Lemon, Honey and Walnut Tart has 232.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lemon, Honey and Walnut Tart are 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 1/3 cups all purpose flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/3 cup honey, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 large eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoons grated lemon peel, 3/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, Pinch of salt, 1 cup chopped walnuts (about 4 ounces), Powdered sugar, Halved strawberries. Mixer Dessert Bake Lemon Walnut Honey Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.