Lentils with Cucumbers, Chard, and Poached Egg recipe.  Bring about 2" water to a boil in a large saucepan; reduce heat so water is at a gentle simmer and add vinegar, which helps the whites coagulate. Crack an egg into a small bowl, then gently slide it into water. Repeat with remaining eggs, waiting until whites are starting to set before adding the next one about 30 seconds apart). After about 3 minutes, whites should be set and yolks still runny. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to paper towels as they are done. Combine lentils, scallions, dill, lemon zest, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Toss cucumbers with 1 tablespoon za'atar and remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium. Add Swiss chard by the handful, tossing and letting it cook down a bit before adding more, and cook until tender; season with salt and pepper. Stir in garlic, if using, and set aside. Divide lentils among bowls and top each with some chard, cucumbers, a few dill sprigs, and a poached egg. Sprinkle with more za'atar. Lentils with Cucumbers, Chard, and Poached Egg has 534.0 calories. Lentils with Cucumbers, Chard, and Poached Egg has 35.0 grams of protein. Lentils with Cucumbers, Chard, and Poached Egg has 16.0 grams of fat. Lentils with Cucumbers, Chard, and Poached Egg has 112.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lentils with Cucumbers, Chard, and Poached Egg are 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 2 cups cooked black lentils, green lentils, or chickpeas (from about 1 cup uncooked), 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh dill, plus small sprigs for serving, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 2 small cucumbers, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon za'atar, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large bunch Swiss chard, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn into 2" pieces, 1 garlic clove, finely grated (optional), Za'atar is available at Middle Eastern markets and specialty foods stores, or online..Calling all savory breakfast people: This beans-and-greens egg bowl is for you.  Egg Breakfast Brunch Low Carb Low Fat Kid-Friendly High Fiber Lunch Cucumber Lentil Healthy Chard Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.