Lettuce Wraps with Smoked Trout recipe.  Using vegetable peeler, shave carrots and cucumber lengthwise into ribbons. Cut ribbons into 3-inch-long sections, then cut sections into matchstick-size strips. Place in large bowl. Add shallots, jalapeños, lime juice, sugar, and fish sauce; let marinate 30 minutes at room temperature. Add trout pieces and tomatoes to vegetable mixture and toss to blend. Transfer trout-vegetable mixture to large strainer and drain off liquid. Return trout-vegetable mixture to same bowl; add mint and basil and toss to blend. Arrange lettuce leaves on large platter. Divide trout-vegetable salad among lettuce leaves. Drizzle sweet chili sauce over each salad and sprinkle with peanuts. * Available in the Asian foods section of most supermarkets, at some specialty foods stores, and at Asian markets. ** Available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and delicatessens. ***Available at some supermarkets and at Asian markets and from amazon.com. Lettuce Wraps with Smoked Trout has 220.0 calories. Lettuce Wraps with Smoked Trout has 17.0 grams of protein. Lettuce Wraps with Smoked Trout has 9.0 grams of fat. Lettuce Wraps with Smoked Trout has 720.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lettuce Wraps with Smoked Trout are 2 medium carrots, peeled, 1/2 unpeeled English hothouse cucumber (do not remove seeds), 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallots, 1/4 cup thinly sliced jalapeño chiles with seeds (preferably red; about 2 large), 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice or unseasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam)*, 2 4.5-ounce packages skinless smoked trout fillets,** broken into bite-size pieces (about 2 cups), 1 cup diced grape tomatoes, 1/2 cup whole fresh mint leaves, 1/2 cup small whole fresh basil leaves, 16 small to medium inner leaves of romaine lettuce (from about 2 hearts of romaine), 1/3 cup (about) Asian sweet chili sauce***, 1/4 cup finely chopped lightly salted dry-roasted peanuts.In this handheld treat, carrots, cucumbers, and smoked trout are tossed in a hot, sweet, and tangy sauce. For a simple side, steam some plain or sticky rice in the microwave, then chill it and mix in some chopped green onions, chopped fresh mint, lime juice, chili-garlic sauce, and a touch of soy sauce or fish sauce. For dessert, serve mango sorbet or fresh pineapple and mango slices.  Fish Leafy Green Vegetable Appetizer Marinate No-Cook Dinner Lunch Seafood Trout Cucumber Healthy Lettuce Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.