Lime Noodles with Vegetables, Basil, and Sesame recipe. Put 3 tablespoons of the oil in a medium skillet over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally,until the garlic turns golden, about 10 minutes; set aside. Meanwhile, combine the lime juice and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Set aside. Fill a large bowl with water and ice and set aside. Bring a small pot of water to a boil and add the basil and mint leaves. As soon as the water returns to a boil, drain the leaves and transfer to the ice water. When cold, drain again and squeeze dry. Purée in a blender with the sesame seeds, garlic, salt, and 1 cup of the oil. This herb paste will keep, refrigerated, for 2 days.) Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the vegetables and some salt and cook, tossing, just until brightly colored. Keep warm. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it. Cook the noodles until tender, 30 seconds. Drain and transfer to a large skillet set over high heat with the butter and lime syrup; add salt to taste and cook, tossing, until well mixed and creamy. Put the noodles in a warmed serving bowl; drizzle liberally with the basil-mint paste, top with the vegetables, garnish with the sesame seeds, and serve. The ingredients of Lime Noodles with Vegetables, Basil, and Sesame are 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons grape seed, corn, or other neutral oil, 10 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 3/4 cup fresh lime juice, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, preferably Thai, 1 1/2 cups fresh mint leaves, 3/4 cup white sesame seeds, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon salt, plus more as needed, About 1/2 pound assorted vegetables: carrots, parsnips, broccoli (stems are fine), bell peppers, etc., peeled and julienned, 1 pound 1/4-inch-wide dried rice noodles, soaked in hot water until softened and drained, 1/2 cup unsalted butter.A huge hit for us: spicy, sour, sweet, and herbaceous. This is among the greatest noodle dishes ever.  Blender Herb Vegetable Sauté Vegetarian Dinner Lunch Lime Mint Basil Broccoli Bell Pepper Carrot Noodle Boil Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.