Lobster, Soy Chicken and Mango Salad recipe.  To make the Pickled Cucumber, slice the cucumber lengthwise on a mandolin or slice very thinly. Add the sea salt and allow to stand for 30 minutes. Wash the cucumber in water and dry with a paper towel. In a small bowl, mix the vinegar and sugar together and add to the cucumber. Set aside until ready to use. Drown the lobsters in fresh water, this will take about 30 minutes. Boil the water and sea salt together vigorously in a pot large enough to fit the lobsters. Add the lobsters and cook for 6 minutes. Remove from the pot and allow to cool to room temperature. Do not refresh. Remove the lobster tails and peel off the shell by cutting down each side and pulling away the shell. Crack the shells and remove the meat from the legs. To make the dressing, put the 20 ml 4 teaspoons) water and palm sugar together in a small pot and cook until the sugar has caramelised. Add the tamarind juice and soy sauce, and allow to cool to room temperature. Add the olive oil and stir vigorously. In a large bowl mix the noodles, black and white wood fungus, and enoki mushrooms together. Add half of the dressing and toss to coat. Divide the salad between 6 large plates. Place a slice of mango on each plate, top with a slice of chicken, lobster and some leg meat. Top with a slice of pickled cucumber, and grind over some pepper. Drizzle over the remaining dressing, and serve. The ingredients of Lobster, Soy Chicken and Mango Salad are two 750 g (1 1/2 to 1 3/4 pounds ) live lobsters, 10 litres (10 quarts) boiling water, a handful of sea salt, 20 ml (4 teaspoons) water, 4 heaped tablespoons palm sugar, 50 ml (3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon) tamarind juice, 30 ml (2 tablespoons) light soy sauce, 120 ml (1/2 cup) extra-virgin olive oil, 150 g (5 ounces) fresh fine egg noodles, cooked, 40 g (1 1/2 ounces) fresh black wood fungus (also known as wood ear mushrooms), 40 g (1 1/2 ounces) fresh white wood fungus (also known as white tree fungus, white jelly fungus, or snow mushroom), 40 g (1 1/2 ounces) enoki mushrooms, 1 to 2 ripe mangoes, for 6 nice slices, 6 slices breast meat from Master Stock Chicken , skin removed, white peppercorns for grinding, 1 continental (European) cucumber, sea salt, 60 ml (1/4 cup) rice-wine vinegar, 30 ml (2 tablespoons) superfine sugar.Editor's note: The recipe and introductory text below are excerpted from chef Neil Perry's book Rockpool. Neil also shared some helpful cooking tips exclusively with Epicurious, which we've added at the bottom of the page. For your convenience, we've converted the measures — with as much accuracy as possible — from Australian to American. For those who have metric equipment and wish to follow Neil's recipe to the milliliter, we've included the original measures too.  Salad Chicken Fruit Mushroom Pasta Mango Lobster Cucumber Tamarind Soy Sauce.