Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter recipe. Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Plunge 2 lobsters headfirst into a large pot of salted boiling water and cook, partially covered, over medium-high heat 8 minutes for 1 1/4-pounds lobsters) to 9 minutes for 1 1/2-pounds lobsters) from time they enter water. Transfer with tongs to an ice bath and let stand until completely cooled. Return water to a boil and cook and cool remaining 2 lobsters. Remove meat from claws, joints, and tails. Coarsely chop meat. Whisk together lemon juice, oil, and 1/2 tsp salt in a large bowl. Whisk in scallions, celery, celery leaves, and parsley, then add lobster and gently toss. Season with salt. Melt butter with garlic in a small saucepan over low heat, mashing garlic with a spoon. Brush inside of buns with garlic butter. Grill, buttered side down, until golden, about 1 minute. Fill buns with lobster. Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter has 327.0 calories. Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter has 11.0 grams of protein. Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter has 22.0 grams of fat. Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter has 379.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Lobster Rolls with Lemon Vinaigrette and Garlic Butter are 4 (1 1/4-to 1 1/2-pounds) live lobsters, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions, 1/4 cup finely chopped peeled celery, 1/4 cup celery leaves, 1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 stick unsalted butter, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 6 hot dog buns, preferably top-split, Accompaniment: lemon wedges.Not in the mood for bread? No problem. This no-mayo lobster mixture would also make an ideal centerpiece in a summer salad.  Garlic Fourth of July Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Lobster Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Butter Lemon Juice Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.