Ma-Po Tofu recipe. Stir together broth, bean paste, soy sauce, and kosher salt. Set aside. Slide tofu into a saucepan of simmering water and keep at a bare simmer while stir-frying rest of dish. Heat a wok or large heavy skillet over high heat until hot and add 1 1/2 tablespoons corn oil, swirling to coat. Add pork and stir-fry, breaking up lumps and adding remaining 1/2 tablespoon corn oil if meat sticks, until no longer pink. Add garlic and ginger and stir-fry over moderate heat until very fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir reserved sauce, then add to pork and bring to a simmer. Drain tofu in a large sieve and slide into sauce, stirring gently. Stir cornstarch mixture and add to stir-fry. Bring to a boil, stirring gently, and cook until thickened and glossy, about 15 seconds. Turn off heat and sprinkle with sesame oil, Sichuan-peppercorn powder to taste, and 2 tablespoons scallion. Stir once or twice, then serve sprinkled with remaining tablespoon scallion. Ma-Po Tofu has 265.0 calories. Ma-Po Tofu has 20.0 grams of protein. Ma-Po Tofu has 17.0 grams of fat. Ma-Po Tofu has 835.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ma-Po Tofu are 1/4 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons hot bean paste, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Additive-free kosher salt to taste, 1 lb regular or soft (not silken) tofu, drained and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons corn, peanut, or canola oil, 1/2 lb ground pork shoulder (preferably 75% lean), 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon finely minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 1 1/2 teaspoons Japanese sesame oil, 1/2 to 1 teaspoon toasted Sichuan-peppercorn powder, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallion, Accompaniment: steamed rice.This fiery Sichuan classic is named for the pockmarked (po) wife (ma) who supposedly invented it at her husband's restaurant. I've made a version of it for years. At the culinary schools I attended in Chengdu recently, their technique of poaching the tofu, prior to stir-frying, to freshen and tenderize it was new to me, as was the wonderful effect of a lavish sprinkling of Sichuan-peppercorn powder.  Wok Ginger Pork Poach Stir-Fry Quick & Easy Dinner Tofu Soy Sauce Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added.