Macadamia and Ginger Stuffing recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place bread cubes on baking sheet. Bake until dry and firm, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Transfer to very large bowl. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage, shallots and ginger. Sauté until sausage is cooked through, breaking up meat with back of spoon, about 10 minutes. Transfer to bowl containing bread cubes. Mix in green onions and next 4 ingredients. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Butter 13x9x2-inch baking dish. Mix enough chicken broth into stuffing to moisten. Season with salt and pepper. Mix in eggs. Transfer stuffing to prepared dish. Cover with foil. Bake 45 minutes. Uncover and bake until golden brown on top, about 10 minutes longer. Macadamia and Ginger Stuffing has 436.0 calories. Macadamia and Ginger Stuffing has 19.0 grams of protein. Macadamia and Ginger Stuffing has 27.0 grams of fat. Macadamia and Ginger Stuffing has 589.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Macadamia and Ginger Stuffing are 6 cups 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes Hawaiian bread (sweet egg bread), crust trimmed, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 cup chopped shallots, 1/4 cup minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 cup chopped green onions, 1 cup chopped drained canned water chestnuts, 1 cup coarsely chopped dry-roasted macadamia nuts, 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons grated orange peel, 3/4 cup (about) canned low-salt chicken broth, 3 large eggs, beaten to blend.The sweet bread called for here was introduced to Hawaii by nineteenth-century Portuguese immigrants. The stuffing can also be cooked inside the turkey, provided the bird is roasted immediately after being stuffed. For more flavor, rub the turkey with a mixture of salt and pepper and two tablespoons each of sesame oil, orange juice and lime juice, and let it marinate overnight.  Ginger Side Bake Thanksgiving Stuffing Dressing Sausage Macadamia Nut Fall Bon Appétit Peanut Free Soy Free.