Maghrebi Sweet Couscous (Seffa) recipe. Pour the boiling water over the couscous and salt, cover, and let stand for 10 minutes. If using regular couscous, after soaking, toss with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, place in a colander, and steam over boiling water, stirring occasionally, for about 20 minutes.) Stir to fluff. Stir the sugar and cinnamon into the butter. Pour over the couscous and toss to coat. Gradually add enough milk to moisten the couscous. Mound the couscous on a large platter and sprinkle with the additional cinnamon. Or for individual servings, pack into custard cups and invert onto serving plates. Add 3/4 cup raisins, 3/4 cup chopped pitted dates, 3/4 cup chopped dried apricots, 3/4 cup chopped blanched almonds, and 3/4 cup chopped walnuts or 1/3 cup pine nuts. Mounded couscous is featured on special occasions, such as weddings and bar mitzvahs. Pack half of the couscous mixture into a large bowl, sprinkle with 2/3 cup ground toasted blanched almonds, top with the remaining couscous, invert onto a serving platter, and sprinkle with ground cinnamon. Garnish with datils rellenos. Maghrebi Sweet Couscous (Seffa) has 417.0 calories. Maghrebi Sweet Couscous (Seffa) has 10.0 grams of protein. Maghrebi Sweet Couscous (Seffa) has 8.0 grams of fat. Maghrebi Sweet Couscous (Seffa) has 66.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Maghrebi Sweet Couscous (Seffa) are 4 cups boiling water, 1 pound (2 2/3 cups) instant couscous, Pinch of salt, About 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 to 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) melted unsalted butter or olive oil, About 1 1/2 cups milk or almond milk (see Variations below), or 3/4 cup orange juice, or 3/4 cup water and 1 to 4 tablespoons orange blossom water, Additional ground cinnamon for garnish.Residents of Maghreb use semolina to make tiny pasta pellets called kesksu in Arabic. Unlike pasta made with other types of wheat flour, pasta made from semolina does not become mushy during cooking. The old-fashioned way of making these pellets is to mix semolina flour with water, roll the dough into tiny balls, sift it over a medium-meshed wire sieve to remove any excess flour, then steam the final product over boiling water or a stew. Instant couscous, available at most supermarkets, is prepared by adding boiling water. Although not as fluffy as the classic type, it is more than acceptable for seffa and easy to prepare. Israelis make a larger form of couscous, which is lightly toasted; do not substitute for the regular type.  Milk Cream Dairy Dessert Vegetarian Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Spice Fall Cinnamon Couscous Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.