Maida Heatter's Chocolate Cookies with Gin-Soaked Raisins recipe.  Combine raisins and gin in a cup and let stand at least 8 hours to macerate. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 2 large baking sheets, shaking off excess flour. Mix confectioners sugar, cocoa, espresso powder, flour, and salt with an electric mixer at low speed. Add egg whites and vanilla and continue mixing until smooth. Drain raisins in a sieve, without pressing, then add raisins to dough with pecans. Stir until thoroughly mixed. Dough will be thick and sticky.) Working quickly, drop 1/4 cup dough for each cookie onto a baking sheet, spacing cookies at least 3 inches apart, and gently pat down each mound to about 1/2 inch thick. Bake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, in middle of oven, rotating sheet halfway through baking, 15 to 17 minutes total, or until cookies appear cracked and centers are just set. Cool cookies on sheet 1 minute, then transfer carefully to a rack to cool completely. Maida Heatter's Chocolate Cookies with Gin-Soaked Raisins has 301.0 calories. Maida Heatter's Chocolate Cookies with Gin-Soaked Raisins has 4.0 grams of protein. Maida Heatter's Chocolate Cookies with Gin-Soaked Raisins has 14.0 grams of fat. Maida Heatter's Chocolate Cookies with Gin-Soaked Raisins has 162.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Maida Heatter's Chocolate Cookies with Gin-Soaked Raisins are 1/2 cup golden raisins, 1/3 cup gin, 3 cups sifted confectioners sugar (sift before measuring), 2/3 cup sifted unsweetened cocoa powder, preferably Dutch-process (sift before measuring), 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour (unsifted), 3/4 teaspoon salt, 3 large egg whites, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 8 oz pecans (2 1/4 cups), toasted, cooled, and coarsely chopped.Active time: 40 min Start to finish: 10 hr (includes soaking raisins).  Cookies Gin Mixer Chocolate Nut Dessert Bake Christmas Dried Fruit Raisin Pecan Winter Poker Game Night Shower Party Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.