Majorcan-Style Vegetable and Bread Stew recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large ovenproof pot over high heat. Add onion, bell pepper, and garlic; sauté until golden and beginning to soften, about 7 minutes. Stir in cabbage and cauliflower; sauté 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, parsley, thyme, and rosemary; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Simmer 5 minutes. Add paprika and stir 30 seconds. Add broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in spinach; simmer uncovered 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Refrigerate until cold, then cover and keep refrigerated. Bring to simmer before continuing.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Immerse 4 bread slices in broth in pot. Place remaining 4 bread slices atop broth; press to submerge. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Bake uncovered 10 minutes. Serve stew from pot. Pass olives and sliced radishes alongside. Available from La Tienda 888-472-1022; tienda.com) or from The Spanish Table 206-682-2827; tablespan.com). The ingredients of Majorcan-Style Vegetable and Bread Stew are 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 large sweet onion (such as Vidalia or Maui), finely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 6 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage (about 1/2 large head), 1 1/2 cups small cauliflower florets (about 1/4 small head), 2 large tomatoes, seeded, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika, preferably Spanish smoked paprika*, 3 14-ounce cans vegetable broth or low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh spinach leaves, 8 4x3x1/2-inch slices country-style wheat bread, Oil-cured black olives, Sliced radishes.There are many different versions of this traditional island dish, which is known as sopas mallorquínas. Spanish smoked paprika (pimentón) is distinctive and worth seeking out for its unique flavor.  Soup Stew Vegetable Sauté Stew Spinach Summer Cabbage Bon Appétit.