Mango Coconut Ice Cream recipe. Stir together mango purée, coconut milk, cream, corn syrup, lemon juice, and vanilla in a bowl until combined well. Bring milk just to a boil in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Whisk together yolks, sugar, and a large pinch of salt in a bowl, then add hot milk in a stream, whisking. Pour custard into saucepan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until it registers 170 to 175°F on thermometer, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, then stir in mango mixture until combined well. Pour custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl to remove any strings from mango), discarding solids, and cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally. Chill custard, covered, until very cold, about 4 hours. Freeze custard in ice cream maker. Transfer ice cream to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 12 hours. Mango Coconut Ice Cream has 240.0 calories. Mango Coconut Ice Cream has 3.0 grams of protein. Mango Coconut Ice Cream has 13.0 grams of fat. Mango Coconut Ice Cream has 33.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mango Coconut Ice Cream are 1 1/4 cups canned mango purée, 3/4 cup well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer; an ice cream maker.In Thailand, mangoes often appear on the table for dessert — served both on their own and incorporated into a sweetened sticky rice. If you can't get your hands on really good mangoes, you'll find that canned mango purée delivers the best flavor for this ice cream. However, many canned brands taste like peaches, so we recommend Ratna brand, which uses Alphonso mangoes, an Indian cultivar renowned for its bright orange flesh and very intense flavor. Ka-Me brand is a runner-up — the recipe will work fine, but the color and flavor will not be as intense.  Milk Cream Ice Cream Machine Egg Dessert Kid-Friendly Frozen Dessert Coconut Mango Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.