Margarita Chiffon Cake recipe. Preheat oven to 325°F. Whisk flour, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder and salt in large bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat yolks and next 5 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Add to dry ingredients; beat just until smooth. Using clean dry beaters, beat egg whites and cream of tartar in another large bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/2 cup sugar, beating until stiff but not dry. Fold 1/3 of whites into batter, then fold in remaining whites. Transfer batter to ungreased 10-inch-diameter angel food cake pan; smooth top. Bake cake until tester inserted near center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Immediately invert center tube of pan onto narrow-necked bottle; cool cake completely in pan. Run long knife around center tube and sides of pan to loosen cake. Using center tube as aid, lift cake out of pan; run knife between cake and pan bottom to loosen. Invert cake onto platter. Stir first 5 ingredients in medium bowl until smooth. Spread over top of cake, allowing glaze to drip down sides. Let stand until glaze sets, about 2 hours. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover with cake dome; let stand at room temperature.) Serve cake with compote. Margarita Chiffon Cake has 496.0 calories. Margarita Chiffon Cake has 7.0 grams of protein. Margarita Chiffon Cake has 14.0 grams of fat. Margarita Chiffon Cake has 393.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Margarita Chiffon Cake are 2 1/4 cups cake flour, 1 1/4 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 large egg yolks, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 1/3 cup fresh lime juice, 1/3 cup triple sec, 2 tablespoons tequila, 2 teaspoons grated lime peel, 8 large egg whites, 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons tequila, 4 teaspoons triple sec, 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lime peel, Strawberry Compote with Tequila and Lime.Californian Harry Baker invented the chiffon cake in 1927, but he kept the recipe a tightly guarded secret for another 20 years. He finally relented and sold his formula to General Mills. The mystery ingredient? Vegetable oil, which gave the cake richness and a light, moist texture. We spike this one with all the flavors of a Margarita cocktail; the Strawberry Compote with Tequila and Lime is an elegant touch.  Cake Tequila Citrus Egg Dessert Bake Lime Fall Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.