Marmalade Cake recipe. Using a sharp knife, cut all rind and white pith from oranges in wide strips. Trim off any flesh still clinging to the white pith. Place peel in a small heavy saucepan. Add cold water to cover; bring to a boil. Drain. Repeat with cold water. Drain; reserve peel. Combine sugar and 2 cups water in same saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Add the orange peel, star anise, and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, partially covered and stirring occasionally, until peel is soft and syrup has thickened, 50-60 minutes. Let cool slightly. Transfer peel to a cutting board and thinly slice. Return peel to syrup. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Place in a jar, cover, and chill. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter pan. Line with a parchment-paper round; butter paper. Bring currants and Grand Marnier to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat and let steep. Meanwhile, sift flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat 10 tablespoons butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in orange juice, marmalade, and orange zest. Beat in eggs one at a time, blending well between additions mixture may look curdled). Add dry ingredients in 3 additions and milk in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients and beating to blend between additions. Beat in any Grand Marnier not absorbed by the currants. Fold in currants. Pour batter into prepared pan; smooth the top. Bake cake until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean and the top is golden, 40-45 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Remove pan sides from cake. Invert onto a serving plate. Arrange candied orange peel over and brush with some of syrup, if desired. Marmalade Cake has 505.0 calories. Marmalade Cake has 5.0 grams of protein. Marmalade Cake has 16.0 grams of fat. Marmalade Cake has 198.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Marmalade Cake are 2 navel oranges, scrubbed, 1 cup sugar, 1 whole star anise, 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan, 3/4 cup dried currants, 1/2 cup Grand Marnier or other orange-flavored liqueur, 1 1/2 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 3/4 cup (packed) light brown sugar, 1/2 cup fresh orange juice, 3 tablespoons (heaping) orange marmalade, 2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest, 2 large eggs, 1/4 cup whole milk or half-and-half, Special equipment: A 9"-diameter springform pan.This citrus cake is decorated with thin slices of candied orange peel. If you have any left over, roll them in sugar and dip in melted icing for a sweet treat.  Cake Dessert Bake Easter Currant Orange Jam or Jelly Orange Juice Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.