Mascarpone Cheesecake with Quince Compote recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. Coarsely grind nuts with brown sugar in processor. Blend in melted butter. Press mixture over bottom not sides) of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 1/2-inch-high sides. Bake until crust is set, about 12 minutes. Cool crust completely. Pour 3 cups cream into medium bowl. Pour 1/4 cup water into small heatproof bowl; sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand 15 minutes. Place bowl with gelatin in small skillet of barely simmering water; stir until gelatin dissolves, about 2 minutes. Remove bowl from water. Pour remaining 1/2 cup cream into gelatin. Pour gelatin mixture into cream in bowl; whisk gently until well blended. Using electric mixer, beat mascarpone and powdered sugar in large bowl until smooth. Beat in cream-gelatin mixture just until smooth. Pour filling over cooled crust. Cover and chill overnight. Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Using small sharp knife, cut around pan sides to loosen cheesecake. Remove pan sides. Place cake on platter. Cut cake into wedges and serve with compote. *Italian cream cheese available at Italian markets and many supermarkets. Mascarpone Cheesecake with Quince Compote has 788.0 calories. Mascarpone Cheesecake with Quince Compote has 11.0 grams of protein. Mascarpone Cheesecake with Quince Compote has 73.0 grams of fat. Mascarpone Cheesecake with Quince Compote has 509.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mascarpone Cheesecake with Quince Compote are 1 1/3 cups pecans, toasted, 1/2 cup walnuts, toasted, 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, 3 1/2 cups whipping cream, 1/4 cup water, 3 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin (from 2 envelopes), 3 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese* (about 28 1/2 ounces; from four 8-ounce containers), 1 1/4 cups powdered sugar, sifted, Quince Compote.Made with heavy cream and gelatin instead of eggs, this no-bake cheesecake has the silky texture of panna cotta. Begin preparing it at least one day ahead.  Cake Milk Cream Food Processor Mixer Dessert Thanksgiving Pecan Walnut Fall Chill Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free.