Matzoh Baklava recipe. Briefly pass each sheet of matzoh under cold running water until wet on all sides. Layer sheets between damp paper towels and let stand until somewhat pliable but not soggy or falling apart, about 2 hours. In small saucepan over moderately high heat, stir together 1 cup water and sugar. Bring to boil, then lower heat to moderate and cook, uncovered, until syrupy and thick, about 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in lemon juice, honey, and rose water and simmer 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool, then chill until ready to use. Preheat oven to 350°F. In large bowl, stir together walnuts, pistachios, brown sugar, cinnamon, and cardamom. Separate out 1/6 of nut mixture and reserve for topping cooked baklava. Transfer 1 sheet matzoh to counter. Press rolling pin once over sheet from one end to other to flatten. Rotate 90 degrees and repeat. Transfer to 8-inch-square pan and brush with melted margarine. Sprinkle with 1/5 of unreserved nut mixture. Roll out second sheet of matzoh and transfer to pan. Brush with margarine and sprinkle with nut mixture. Repeat with remaining matzoh sheets and remaining nut mixture, ending with matzoh sheet brushed with margarine on top. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Transfer to rack and immediately pour chilled syrup over. Sprinkle with reserved nut mixture. Let cool, then cover and let stand at least 8 hours and up to 3 days. Do not chill.) Cut into small squares or diamonds and serve. Matzoh Baklava has 563.0 calories. Matzoh Baklava has 6.0 grams of protein. Matzoh Baklava has 21.0 grams of fat. Matzoh Baklava has 96.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Matzoh Baklava are 6 sheets matzoh, 2 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon rose water, 1 cup walnuts, chopped, 1 cup shelled raw unsalted natural pistachios, chopped, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted margarine or butter, melted.Editor's note: This recipe was created by chef Einat Admony for an Israeli Passover menu.  Citrus Nut Dessert Bake Passover Lemon Pistachio Walnut Honey Cinnamon Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.