Mediterranean Couscous Salad with Roasted Vegetables recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Divide first 5 ingredients between 2 heavy large baking sheets. Brush vegetables with 3 tablespoons oil and balsamic vinegar. Sprinkle herbs over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until tender, turning occasionally, about 45 minutes. Cool. Remove and discard peels from garlic. Coarsely chop garlic. Cut roasted vegetables into 3/4-inch pieces. Set aside. Bring 2 1/2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 tablespoon oil to boil in medium saucepan. Stir in couscous. Remove from heat. Cover; let stand until water is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Fluff couscous with fork. Transfer to large bowl. Gently mix roasted garlic and vegetables, 1/4 cup oil, olives, lemon juice, capers and basil into couscous. Season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature before serving.) Mediterranean Couscous Salad with Roasted Vegetables has 425.0 calories. Mediterranean Couscous Salad with Roasted Vegetables has 9.0 grams of protein. Mediterranean Couscous Salad with Roasted Vegetables has 20.0 grams of fat. Mediterranean Couscous Salad with Roasted Vegetables has 660.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mediterranean Couscous Salad with Roasted Vegetables are 1 1-to-1 1/4 pound eggplant, cut lengthwise into 8 wedges, 2 medium-size zucchini, each cut lengthwise into 4 wedges, 3 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 2 1/2-inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips, 10 large garlic cloves, unpeeled, 3 1/2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 2 1/2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 10-ounce box couscous, 1 cup pitted brine-cured black olives (such as Kalamata), halved, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil.This meatless salad combines couscous with roasted eggplant, zucchini, red bell pepper and leeks. Cooked sausage may be added to make it heartier. Serve with rolls or baguette slices and iced tea or white wine.  Salad Garlic Olive Side Roast Vegetarian Basil Leek Eggplant Bell Pepper Zucchini Chill Vegan Couscous Capers Boil Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.