Mesclun Salad with Goat Cheese-Stuffed Figs Wrapped in Bacon recipe. Preheat broiler. Cook bacon in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning occasionally, until most of fat is rendered but bacon is still pliable, about 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Remove 1 scoop of flesh from each fig half with small end of a melon-ball cutter and discard. Scoop cheese with same end of melon-ball cutter and just fill each fig half. Press fig halves together to form whole figs. Stir together brown sugar, cumin, and salt, then rub onto 1 side of each bacon slice. Wrap 1 bacon slice, sugared side out, around each fig and secure with a toothpick. Broil figs, bacon sides up, on rack of a broiler pan about 3 inches from heat, turning them frequently, until bacon is browned, about 2 minutes. Cool slightly, then discard toothpicks. Toss mesclun with lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste, then gently toss with oil. Serve figs with salad. Mesclun Salad with Goat Cheese-Stuffed Figs Wrapped in Bacon has 467.0 calories. Mesclun Salad with Goat Cheese-Stuffed Figs Wrapped in Bacon has 14.0 grams of protein. Mesclun Salad with Goat Cheese-Stuffed Figs Wrapped in Bacon has 34.0 grams of fat. Mesclun Salad with Goat Cheese-Stuffed Figs Wrapped in Bacon has 764.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mesclun Salad with Goat Cheese-Stuffed Figs Wrapped in Bacon are 8 bacon slices, 8 firm-ripe fresh figs, trimmed and halved lengthwise, 1/4 lb aged goat cheese such as Bucheron or Pouligny-St.-Pierre, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 oz mesclun (4 cups), 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil.The aged goat cheese called for in this recipe is firmer than fresh and has a dry rind. Two kinds work best in this dish, Bucheron and Pouligny-St.-Pierre, both of which have just the right amount of tang — but ask at the cheese counter for comparable substitutes if you have trouble finding them. Cafe Pasqual's, in Santa Fe, serves its version of this dish — "pigs 'n' figs" — with blue cheese.  Salad Leafy Green Broil Goat Cheese Fig Bacon Summer Gourmet.