Mexican Fiesta Casserole recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spray a 9 by 13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the turkey and cook until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the onions and zucchini and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the taco seasoning, 2/3 cup water, and the corn. Simmer until thickened, about 2 minutes, then stir in the black beans. Spread 1/2 cup of the salsa in the bottom of the baking dish. Lay 4 tortillas over the salsa, and spoon half of the meat mixture on top. Cover with 3/4 cup of the salsa and 1 cup of the shredded cheese. Top with 4 more tortillas and the remaining 3/4 cup salsa. Scatter the remaining 1/2 cup shredded cheese over the top. Bake the casserole until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 25 minutes. Slice and serve, topped with scallions and sour cream. The ingredients of Mexican Fiesta Casserole are 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1/2 pound lean ground turkey, 1 cup finely chopped onions, 1 cup finely chopped zucchini, 1 envelope (1 1/4 ounces) low-sodium taco seasoning, 2/3 cup frozen corn kernels, 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 cups jarred salsa, 8 (6-inch) corn tortillas, 1 1/2 cups shredded reduced-fat Mexican cheese blend, 1/4 cup sliced scallions (white and light green parts only), 1/2 cup fat-free sour cream (or use low-fat; optional), for serving.My invites to tailgate parties usually come with a condition. I absolutely have to show up with this casserole in hand. Since I can whip it up in about twenty minutes flat using only a skillet and a baking dish, this is one condition I'm only too happy to comply with. Most of the time I make it with lean ground turkey. But you can also swap out the turkey and use lean ground beef. This cheesy baked casserole is packed with Mexican flavor, from the spice of the taco seasoning and tomato salsa right on down to the creamy black beans and sweet corn tortillas. It's seriously tasty, seriously easy, and seriously, it's good for you.  turkey Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Dinner Casserole Gratin Healthy Potluck.