Mexican Meatball Soup with Rice and Cilantro recipe.  Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add 1 3/4 cups onions, 2 garlic cloves and bay leaves; sauté 5 minutes. Add broth, tomatoes with juices, salsa and 1/4 cup cilantro; bring to boil. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine ground beef, pork sausage, cornmeal, whole milk, egg, salt, pepper, cumin, then remaining 1 cup onions, 2 garlic cloves and 1/4 cup cilantro in medium bowl. Mix well. Shape meat mixture by generous tablespoonfuls into 1- to 1 1/4-inch balls. Add rice and meatballs to soup and bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until rice and meatballs are tender, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and serve. Mexican Meatball Soup with Rice and Cilantro has 418.0 calories. Mexican Meatball Soup with Rice and Cilantro has 27.0 grams of protein. Mexican Meatball Soup with Rice and Cilantro has 19.0 grams of fat. Mexican Meatball Soup with Rice and Cilantro has 1846.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mexican Meatball Soup with Rice and Cilantro are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 3/4 cups chopped onions, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 small bay leaves, 5 14 1/2-ounce cans beef broth, 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1/2 cup chunky tomato salsa (medium-hot), 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1/4 pound bulk pork sausage, 6 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 1/4 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 cup long-grain white rice."For as long as I can remember, every Christmas Eve I've hosted an open house with a Mexican buffet," writes Jill Cole of Fallbrook, California. "Any suggestion of varying the meal is met with cries of protest from family and friends. I set out guacamole, salsa, homemade tamales, and what has become my famous albóndigas soup.".  Soup Stew Beef Onion Pork Rice Tomato Winter Family Reunion Healthy Party Cilantro Bon Appétit California.