Mexican Chocolate Soufflé Cakes recipe.  Butter six 4 1/2-inch-diameter tartlet pans with 3/4-inch-high sides and removable bottoms. Place tartlet pans on baking sheet. Stir chocolate and butter in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until melted and smooth. Remove from heat. Add espresso powder and salt; stir to blend well. Cool to lukewarm, stirring occasionally. Using electric mixer, beat egg yolks, all but 1 tablespoon sugar, vanilla and cinnamon in large bowl until mixture is pale yellow and thick, about 5 minutes. Fold 1/4 of egg mixture into chocolate mixture. Fold chocolate mixture into remaining egg mixture. Beat egg whites in another large bowl until soft peaks form. Add 1 tablespoon sugar; beat just until firm peaks form. Fold into chocolate mixture. Divide batter among prepared pans. Cover; chill at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. Beat cream in large bowl until soft peaks form. Whipped cream can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Bake cakes until edges are set and centers are still soft, about 11 minutes. Cool on racks 2 minutes. Run knife around pan sides to loosen cakes. Remove pan sides. Transfer cakes to plates. Top each cake with dollop of whipped cream. Garnish with raspberries and mint, if desired. Serve cakes warm. Mexican Chocolate Soufflé Cakes has 464.0 calories. Mexican Chocolate Soufflé Cakes has 6.0 grams of protein. Mexican Chocolate Soufflé Cakes has 34.0 grams of fat. Mexican Chocolate Soufflé Cakes has 85.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mexican Chocolate Soufflé Cakes are 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, Pinch of salt, 6 large egg yolks, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 large egg whites, 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream, 1 cup fresh raspberries, Mint sprigs (optional).Perhaps the year's most popular dessert: the chocolate soufflé cake with a rich molten center. Cinnamon, espresso and vanilla give the cakes a Mexican accent.  Cake Chocolate Dairy Egg Dessert Bake Valentine's Day Winter Anniversary Cinnamon Bon Appétit.