Mini Buffalo Chicken Balls recipe. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Drizzle the vegetable oil into a 9×13-inch baking dish and use your hand to evenly coat the entire surface. Set aside. Combine the butter and hot sauce in a small saucepan, and cook over low heat, whisking until the butter is melted and fully incorporated. Remove from the heat and allow the mixture to cool for 10 minutes. Combine the hot sauce mixture, ground chicken, egg, celery, bread crumbs, and salt in a large mixing bowl and mix by hand until thoroughly incorporated. Roll the mixture into round, 3/4 -inch balls, making sure to pack the meat firmly. Place the balls in the prepared baking dish, being careful to line them up snugly and in even rows vertically and horizontally to form a grid. The meatballs should be touching one another. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the meatballs are firm and cooked through. A meat thermometer inserted into the center of a meatball should read 165°F. Allow the meatballs to cool for 5 minutes in the baking dish before serving. Mini Buffalo Chicken Balls has 213.0 calories. Mini Buffalo Chicken Balls has 12.0 grams of protein. Mini Buffalo Chicken Balls has 15.0 grams of fat. Mini Buffalo Chicken Balls has 483.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mini Buffalo Chicken Balls are 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, 1/3 cup Frank's RedHot Sauce or any other favorite hot sauce, 1 pound ground chicken, preferably thigh meat, 1 large egg, 1/2 celery stalk, minced, 3/4 cup bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt.These balls will definitely get any party started. Buffalo's finest bar food minus the bones is the perfect food to serve for the big game, a surprising appetizer, or even passed as a fancy hors d'oeuvre. It's the best part of hot and spicy wings with none of the mess. If you like your balls extra spicy, you can always add an extra tablespoon or two of hot sauce to the recipe. Make one batch and you¿ll know why these are a staff fave and top seller at the Shop. Serve with Blue Cheese Dressing .  Chicken Appetizer Bake Super Bowl Father's Day Dinner Poker Game Night Breadcrumbs Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.