Miniature Crab Cakes with Mustard Mayonnaise recipe.  In a small non-stick skillet sauté bell pepper in oil over moderately high heat, stirring, 2 minutes, or until softened and golden. In a bowl whisk together mayonnaise, yolk, mustard, lemon juice, tarragon, and bell pepper and stir in crab and salt and pepper to taste gently but thoroughly. Chill crab mixture, covered, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 350°F. In a large shallow baking pan spread lt;I>panko in even layer. Toast panko, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes, and cool.Panko may be toasted 1 week ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature.) Form rounded teaspoons of crab mixture into slightly flattened 1-inch rounds and gently coat with panko, transferring to a shallow baking pan. Chill crab cakes, loosely covered with wax paper, at least 2 hours and up to 4. In a small bowl whisk together mayonnaise, mustard, and lemon juice. Mayonnaise may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Drizzle a scant 1/4 teaspoon butter on each crab cake and bake in middle of oven until crisp and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Serve crab cakes with mustard mayonnaise. Miniature Crab Cakes with Mustard Mayonnaise has 44.0 calories. Miniature Crab Cakes with Mustard Mayonnaise has 2.0 grams of protein. Miniature Crab Cakes with Mustard Mayonnaise has 4.0 grams of fat. Miniature Crab Cakes with Mustard Mayonnaise has 89.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Miniature Crab Cakes with Mustard Mayonnaise are 1/2 cup minced red bell pepper (about 1 small), 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1/3 cup mayonnaise, 1 large egg yolk, 1 1/2 tablespoons stone-ground mustard, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3/4 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled, 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, picked over, 1 1/2 cupspanko* (Japanese flaked bread crumbs), 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 1/2 teaspoons stone-ground mustard, 1/4 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted, *available at Japanese markets, some specialty foods and seafood shops.For a particularly light and crunchy coating we used panko (coarse Japanese bread crumbs) on these crab cakes rather than regular bread crumbs. Panko is increasingly available in this country, not only in Asian markets but also in seafood shops.  Shellfish Appetizer Bake Fall Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.