Minted Spring Vegetables recipe.  Cut Asian eggplants diagonally into 1/3-inch-thick slices or quarter common eggplants lengthwise and then cut diagonally into 1/3-inch-thick slices. Cut yellow squash diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Trim radish tops to 1/4 inch and halve large radishes lengthwise. In a 12-inch non-stick skillet heat 3 tablespoons oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook half of eggplant until golden on each side. Transfer eggplant to a bowl and cover with foil to keep warm. Cook remaining eggplant with remaining 3 tablespoons oil in same manner and transfer to bowl. In oil remaining in skillet cook garlic, stirring, 30 seconds, and add to bowl with eggplant. In a steamer set over boiling water steam squash, covered, until crisp-tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer squash to bowl with eggplant and keep warm. In steamer steam radishes, covered, until crisp-tender but still pink, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer radishes to bowl and add parsley and mint. Season vegetables with coarse salt, pepper, and lemon juice and toss to combine. Minted Spring Vegetables has 193.0 calories. Minted Spring Vegetables has 3.0 grams of protein. Minted Spring Vegetables has 14.0 grams of fat. Minted Spring Vegetables has 181.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Minted Spring Vegetables are 3 long, thin Asian eggplants (about 3/4 pound total) or 3/4 pound common eggplant, 3/4 pound yellow squash (about 2 medium), 2 bunches radishes (about 20), 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves (wash and dry before chopping), 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves (wash and dry before chopping), 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice.Because this dish was developed to complement the strong flavors of Pork Loin with Morel Stuffing, we kept the seasoning in these vegetables to a minimum. If you plan to serve this dish with simpler fare, you might want to increase the amount of garlic and herbs.  Side Steam Easter Vegetarian Mint Cucumber Eggplant Radish Spring Yellow Squash Parsley Gourmet Sugar Conscious Vegan Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.