Mint-Truffle Ice Cream Terrine with Mint and Chocolate Sauces recipe. Bring cream to simmer in heavy large saucepan; remove from heat. Add chocolate; let stand 1 minute. Whisk until mixture is smooth. Whisk in extract. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours, or chill overnight. Line baking sheet with foil. Drop scant 1 tablespoon chocolate mixture for each of 16 truffles onto prepared sheet. Dust hands with cocoa; roll chocolate mounds into rounds. Cover and freeze truffles. Cover and chill remaining chocolate mixture for sauce. Truffles and sauce can be made 2 days ahead.) Line 8 1/2x4 1/2x2 1/2-inch metal loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving long overhang. Spread 1/3 of ice cream about 1 2/3 cups) over bottom of prepared pan. Press 8 truffles in random pattern and spaced apart) into ice cream layer. Spread 1/2 of remaining ice cream over. Press remaining 8 truffles in random pattern and spaced apart) into second ice cream layer. Spread remaining ice cream over. Cover terrine with plastic wrap overhang. Freeze at least 6 hours and up to 2 days. Bring sugar and 1/3 cup water to boil in small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour syrup into blender; cool 10 minutes. Add mint leaves to syrup and puree until smooth. Transfer sauce to bowl; cool. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk to blend before using.) Stir chocolate sauce over low heat until warm. Transfer to pitcher. Turn ice cream terrine out onto platter; peel off plastic. Cut terrine crosswise into slices; arrange on plates. Drizzle chocolate sauce and mint sauce around terrine. **Test-kitchen tip:**Make quick work of softening the ice cream by microwaving it in ten-second intervals on the lowest power setting. Mint-Truffle Ice Cream Terrine with Mint and Chocolate Sauces has 570.0 calories. Mint-Truffle Ice Cream Terrine with Mint and Chocolate Sauces has 6.0 grams of protein. Mint-Truffle Ice Cream Terrine with Mint and Chocolate Sauces has 42.0 grams of fat. Mint-Truffle Ice Cream Terrine with Mint and Chocolate Sauces has 73.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mint-Truffle Ice Cream Terrine with Mint and Chocolate Sauces are 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream, 16 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 teaspoons pure peppermint extract, Unsweetened cocoa powder, 5 cups (2 1/2 pints) vanilla ice cream, slightly softened, 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup water, 2 cups (lightly packed) fresh mint leaves.Mint-chocolate truffles frozen in vanilla ice cream create a polka-dot dessert.  Chocolate Dairy Herb Dessert Freeze Chill Frozen Dessert Mint Spring Summer Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.