Mixed-Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy recipe.  Place dried porcini in large bowl. Pour 2 cups boiling water over. Let stand until soft, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Using slotted spoon, transfer porcini to small bowl. Cool porcini, then chop. Pour porcini soaking liquid into medium bowl, leaving sediment behind. Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallot and garlic. Stir 15 seconds. Add fresh mushrooms, thyme, and sage. Sauté until mushrooms are tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to bowl. Add vermouth to skillet; boil 3 minutes, scraping up browned bits. Add 4 cups stock, fresh-mushroom mixture, porcini, and porcini liquid. Boil 10 minutes. Whisk in crème fraîche. Stir 1/4 cup stock and cornstarch in bowl to dissolve; mix into gravy. Cook until gravy coats spoon, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, cover, and chill. Rewarm before continuing. Whisk tarragon into gravy and serve. Mixed-Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy has 223.0 calories. Mixed-Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy has 7.0 grams of protein. Mixed-Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy has 13.0 grams of fat. Mixed-Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy has 74.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mixed-Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy are 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, 2 cups boiling water, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, chopped (about 1/2 cup), 3 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1/2 pound fresh crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced, 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 1 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine, 4 1/4 cups Ultimate Turkey Stock or low-salt chicken broth, divided, 1/2 cup crème fraîche, 5 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, ingredient info: Dried porcini and crème fraîche are available at many supermarkets and at specialty foods stores..The technique: On Thanksgiving, do-aheads are key. This super-savory gravy can be made a day ahead. All you have to do before serving is heat it up and stir in some tarragon.
The payoff: No last-minute pan-scraping and reducing required.  Sauce Milk Cream Herb Mushroom Sauté Thanksgiving Low Cal Tarragon Bon Appétit.