Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd recipe.  Combine blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, powdered sugar, and 1/2 cup water in large saucepan. Bring to simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until berries are soft but still intact, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Transfer mixture to large bowl; stir in lime juice. Cool to room temperature. Stir strawberries into berry mixture. Chill until cold, about 4 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Combine 1/3 cup water, 1/3 cup sugar, and lime peel strips in small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour syrup into bowl. Cool to room temperature; discard lime peel. Using pastry brush, brush ladyfingers on both sides with syrup. Arrange in single layer in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish, cutting to fit and covering bottom of dish completely. Pour chilled berry mixture over. Combine mascarpone and cream in large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat until smooth and slightly thickened do not overbeat or mixture may curdle). Add Lime Curd; beat just until blended. Drop mascarpone topping by large spoonfuls over berry mixture. Spread evenly, covering berries completely. Cover and chill at least 8 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Spoon tiramisù into bowls and serve. Available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Italian markets. ** An Italian cream cheese; sold at many supermarkets and at Italian markets. Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd has 338.0 calories. Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd has 5.0 grams of protein. Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd has 20.0 grams of fat. Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd has 200.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mixed-Berry Tiramisù with Lime Curd are 3 cups fresh blueberries (17 ounces), 1 cup fresh raspberries (41/2 to 5 ounces), 1 cup fresh blackberries (5 to 6 ounces), 1 cup powdered sugar, 1/2 cup water, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 cup thinly sliced fresh strawberries, 1/3 cup water, 1/3 cup sugar, 3 1 1/2-inch-long strips lime peel (green part only; shaved with vegetable peeler), 1 7-ounce package crisp ladyfingers (savoiardi, Boudoirs, or Champagne biscuits; do not use soft ladyfingers)*, 2 1/2 8-ounce containers mascarpone cheese**, 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream, Lime Curd.This luxurious treat is somewhere between a trifle, a tiramisù, and a summer pudding. The lime gives it a wonderful brightness.  Mixer Dessert Fourth of July Graduation Blackberry Raspberry Lime Summer Potluck Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.