Mixed Berry Pavlovas recipe.  Preheat oven to 250°F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment. Swirl whites in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water until barely warm to the touch. Beat whites with salt in a standing electric mixer until they hold soft peaks. Beat in 2 cups superfine sugar and continue beating until mixture holds stiff, glossy peaks see cooks' note, below). Stir together remaining 1/2 cup superfine sugar and cornstarch. Beat into meringue, then beat in vinegar. Spoon 8 mounds of meringue each about 2 inches high and approximately 1/2 cup) 1 inch apart on each lined baking sheet. Divide any remaining meringue among mounds. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until crisp but still soft inside, 1 to 1 1/4 hours total. If meringues are still not crisp after 1 1/4 hours, turn off oven and cool in oven 1 hour. Transfer from parchment to racks to cool. Meringues may stick if cooled completely on paper.) Just before serving, toss strawberries with lime juice and 1/4 cup granulated sugar and let stand, tossing occasionally until sugar is dissolved, 10 minutes. Add blackberries and toss to coat. Beat cream with vanilla and remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar with cleaned beaters. Tap meringues gently with back of a spoon to create indentations, then mound some whipped cream and berries onto each. Mixed Berry Pavlovas has 252.0 calories. Mixed Berry Pavlovas has 4.0 grams of protein. Mixed Berry Pavlovas has 7.0 grams of fat. Mixed Berry Pavlovas has 89.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mixed Berry Pavlovas are 13 large egg whites, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 2 1/2 cups superfine granulated sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 1/2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 lb strawberries, halved or quartered if large, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1/4 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 lb blackberries, 2 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla, Special equipment: a standing electric mixer. Milk Cream Mixer Egg Dessert Bake Blackberry Strawberry Summer Engagement Party Party Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.