Mixed Leafy Green Soup  Caldo Verde  with Chickpeas recipe.  Pour the olive oil into a large pot, and place over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add the onions and paprika; lower the heat to medium; and cook, covered, until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Put the greens into a blender and blend until pureed you may use a little water to help, or use the wand tool that comes with some blenders to force the greens to blend without water). Pour this mixture into the pot, increase the heat to high, and cook until the water has evaporated from the greens. Pour two-thirds of the chickpeas into the blender with 1 cup of the stock and blend until smooth. Add the pureed chickpeas to the pot with the remaining chicken stock and chickpeas and bring to a simmer. Cook covered until the greens are tender and the soup has thickened, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into four bowls and serve. Mixed Leafy Green Soup  Caldo Verde  with Chickpeas has 273.0 calories. Mixed Leafy Green Soup  Caldo Verde  with Chickpeas has 17.0 grams of protein. Mixed Leafy Green Soup  Caldo Verde  with Chickpeas has 6.0 grams of fat. Mixed Leafy Green Soup  Caldo Verde  with Chickpeas has 821.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mixed Leafy Green Soup  Caldo Verde  with Chickpeas are 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 cup small-diced onions, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 8 cups mixed leafy greens (kale, collards, and mustard), 1 cup no-salt-added chickpeas (garbanzo beans), 1 quart unsalted chicken stock (such as Kitchen Basics), Salt, Freshly ground black pepper.Caldo verde means "green broth" in Portuguese, and it is Portugal's unofficial national dish. This beautiful green soup is technically a hot smoothie, since its many nutritious greens are pureed together in a blender. Chickpeas are an important ingredient here, too. Fiber- and protein-rich, they've been shown in studies to help people lose weight. For added protein, top with 4 ounces of shredded chicken or add 2 dozen clams to the broth.  HarperCollins Soup Stew Leafy Green Kid-Friendly Healthy Low Cal Low Cholesterol Low Fat.