Mocha Custard Tart recipe.  Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Spray 10-inch-diameter springform pan with vegetable oil spray. Wrap outside of pan tightly with double layer of heavy-duty foil. Finely grind cookies and walnuts in processor. Add melted butter; process to blend. Press mixture firmly onto bottom not sides) of pan. Chill crust while making filling. Bring whipping cream, milk and 1/3 cup water to simmer in heavy small saucepan. Remove from heat. Whisk in cocoa powder, chocolate liqueur, espresso powder and vanilla extract. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese in large bowl until smooth. Add sugar and beat until well blended. Add 4 whole eggs 1 at a time, then 2 yolks, beating well after each addition and occasionally scraping bottom and sides of bowl. Gradually add hot cream-cocoa mixture and beat until smooth. Pour mixture into prepared crust. Place springform pan in large roasting pan. Pour enough boiling water into roasting pan to come halfway up sides of springform pan. Bake tart until custard moves just slightly in center when pan is gently shaken and tester inserted into center comes out with some custard still attached, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Remove pan from water; remove foil. Cool tart in pan on rack. Cover with foil and refrigerate overnight. Bring first 4 ingredients to simmer in heavy small saucepan. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and vanilla extract; whisk until chocolate is melted and smooth. Let ganache stand until slightly cooled but still pourable, about 10 minutes. Run small knife around pan sides to loosen tart. Remove pan sides. Place tart on platter. Pour ganache atop tart. Using thin metal spatula, spread ganache evenly over top of tart, being careful not to allow ganache to drip down sides. Using icing comb or tines of fork, make decorative concentric circles in wave pattern in ganache. Garnish top of tart with chocolate coffee bean candies, if desired. Refrigerate until ganache is softly set, about 15 minutes. Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. Let stand at room temperature 45 minutes before serving.) Cut tart into wedges; serve. Mocha Custard Tart has 515.0 calories. Mocha Custard Tart has 8.0 grams of protein. Mocha Custard Tart has 33.0 grams of fat. Mocha Custard Tart has 240.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mocha Custard Tart are Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 9-ounce package chocolate wafer cookies, 1/2 cup walnuts, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups whipping cream, 3/4 cup whole milk, 1/3 cup water, 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (preferably Dutch-process), 2 tablespoons chocolate liqueur (such as dark crème de cacao), 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 extra-large eggs, 2 extra-large egg yolks, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, Chocolate coffee bean candies (optional)*, *Available at candy shops, specialty foods stores and supermarkets..Cream cheese enhances the texture of the custard in this tart. To create the pretty wave pattern, use an icing comb, available in cookware stores. Begin making the dessert a day ahead.  Coffee Milk Cream Chocolate Egg Dessert Bake Cream Cheese Walnut Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.