Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps recipe. In a small saucepan simmer sugar, water, and kumquats until reduced to about 2/3 cup and stir in Grand Marnier. Cool sauce to room temperature and stir in cranberries. Sauce may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered. Have ready an instant-read thermometer in a cup of very hot water. In a small bowl stir together 1/4 cup water, cocoa powder, espresso powder, and yolks until smooth. In a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water melt bittersweet chocolate and butter, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Stir cocoa mixture into chocolate mixture and cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove bowl from pan and check temperature, tilting bowl to cover thermometer tip by a least 2 inches. If temperature is less than 160°F., rinse thermometer and return to cup. Check temperature every 30 seconds until thermometer registers 160°F. Remove bowl from pan, reserving simmering water over heat, and cool chocolate mixture to room temperature. Clean thermometer and put in a clean cup of very hot water. In another metal bowl stir together whites, cream of tartar, and sugar with a rubber spatula and put bowl over pan of reserved simmering water. Cook mixture, stirring constantly with rubber spatula to keep mixture as froth-free as possible), checking temperature in same manner, 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until thermometer registers 160°F. and remove from heat. Beat mixture with am electric mixer until cool and meringue holds stiff peaks. Gently fold chocolate mixture into meringue until combined well and chill 15 minutes, or until just firm enough to hold its shape when piped. Spoon mousse into a pastry bag fitted with 1/2-inch star tip and pipe about 1/2 cup mousse onto each of 2 dessert plates in a mound 2 1/2 inches in diameter and 2 inches high. Mousse may be piped onto plates 1 day ahead and chilled, covered loosely with plastic wrap. In a bowl with a whisk or cleaned beaters beat together espresso cream ingredients until cream just holds stiff peaks. Espresso cream may be made 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Dollop half of espresso cream on top of each serving of mousse and lean 2 or 3 crisps against mousse. Spoon sauce around desserts. Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps has 1059.0 calories. Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps has 14.0 grams of protein. Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps has 55.0 grams of fat. Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps has 101.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mocha Mousse with Kumquat Cranberry Sauce and Phyllo Pecan Crisps are 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup kumquats (about 6), sliced thin and seeded, 2 teaspoons Grand Marnier, 2 tablespoons fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries, sliced thin, 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 2 large eggs, separated, 4 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1/3 cup well-chilled heavy cream, 1/2 tablespoon sugar, 1/4 teaspoon instant espresso powder, Accompaniment:Phyllo Pecan Crisps.In this recipe there will be extra mousse and pecan crisps (the recipes will not work if reduced). Both elements are delicious on their own.  Coffee Mixer Chocolate Egg Dessert Cranberry Pecan Triple Sec Winter Chill Kumquat Simmer Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.