Mocha Buttercream recipe. Melt chocolate in a double boiler or a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring. Cool. Combine egg whites and salt in a large bowl. Stir together sugar and water in a small heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over moderately high heat, washing down side of pan with a pastry brush dipped in water. When syrup reaches boil, start beating whites with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until frothy, then beat at medium speed until whites just hold soft peaks. Do not beat again until sugar syrup is ready.) Meanwhile, put candy thermometer into sugar syrup and continue boiling until syrup reaches 238–242°F. Immediately remove from heat and pour into a heatproof 1-cup glass measure. Slowly pour hot syrup in a thin stream down side of bowl into egg whites, beating constantly at high speed. Beat, scraping down bowl with a rubber spatula, until meringue is cool to the touch, about 6 minutes. It’s important that meringue is properly cooled before proceeding.) With mixer at medium speed, gradually add butter 1 piece at a time, beating well after each addition until incorporated. If meringue is too warm and buttercream looks soupy after some of butter is added, briefly chill bottom of bowl in a large bowl filled with ice water for a few seconds before continuing to beat in remaining butter.) Continue beating until buttercream is smooth. Mixture may look curdled before all butter is added but will come back together before beating is finished.) Add vanilla, chocolate, and coffee mixture and beat 1 minute more. Mocha Buttercream has 267.0 calories. Mocha Buttercream has 1.0 grams of protein. Mocha Buttercream has 21.0 grams of fat. Mocha Buttercream has 190.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mocha Buttercream are 3 1/2 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped, 2 large egg whites at room temperature, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 2/3 cup sugar, 1/3 cup water, 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon instant-espresso powder or instant-coffee granules stirred together with 1/2 teaspoon hot water, Special equipment: a candy thermometer. Mixer Chocolate Quick & Easy Boil Double Boiler Gourmet.