Mom's Sweet-and-Sour Red Cabbage recipe.  Using a box grater, mandoline, or a coarse Microplane grater, grate the cabbage. In a large saucepan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and sauté for 2 minutes. Lower the heat to medium; add the cabbage and apples and stir to combine. Add the juniper berries, allspice berries, cloves, bay leaf, salt, pepper, jelly, vinegar, sugar, and 1/2 cup 120ml) of water and stir to combine. Turn the heat to low, cover, and cook for 40 minutes, until the cabbage is tender. Remove the juniper berries, allspice berries, cloves, and bay leaf. Serve the cabbage hot or at room temperature. Refrigerate for up to 4 days. Leftovers can also be frozen in an airtight container for up to 1 month. The ingredients of Mom's Sweet-and-Sour Red Cabbage are 1 medium head RED CABBAGE, tough outer leaves removed, 1/4 cup (60ml) OLIVE OIL, 1 RED ONION, diced, 2 FUJI APPLES, peeled, cored, and finely chopped, 3 JUNIPER BERRIES, 3 whole ALLSPICE BERRIES, or 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 3 whole CLOVES, or 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 BAY LEAF, 1/2 teaspoon SALT, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground BLACK PEPPER, 3 tablespoons RED CURRANT JELLY, 2 tablespoons BALSAMIC VINEGAR, preferably white, 1 teaspoon LIGHT BROWN SUGAR.My mother grew up in Bad Nauheim, Germany, where she helped her parents with their inn and restaurant called Die Krone (The Crown). When I was growing up, she cooked several traditional German dishes, but one of the most memorable for me was her recipe for sweet-and-sour red cabbage. Though I was a pretty picky eater, I adored the cabbage and loved how it colored the mashed potatoes my mother would always serve with it. Mom never wrote the recipe down for me, but I reached out to German relatives and re-created it. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed taking the trip down memory lane. Grating the cabbage takes a while, so make sure to have some good tunes on!.  Leafy Green Side Sauté Vegetarian Apple Healthy Cabbage Mandoline Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.