Moroccan Fish Tagine with Peppers and Olives recipe.  Mix first 7 ingredients in medium bowl. Add fish and turn to coat. Refrigerate 2 hours, turning fish occasionally. Preheat oven to 350°F. Arrange carrot slices over bottom of 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Layer half of tomatoes, half of onion and half of lemon over. Season with half of salt and pepper. Drain marinade from fish; reserve marinade. Arrange fish atop lemon slices. Top fish with remaining tomato, onion and lemon slices. Season with remaining salt and pepper. Top decoratively with red pepper strips and olives. Pour reserved marinade over. Cover dish with foil. Bake 40 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 400°F. and bake until fish flakes easily and vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes. Garnish with additionally parsley. Moroccan Fish Tagine with Peppers and Olives has 547.0 calories. Moroccan Fish Tagine with Peppers and Olives has 38.0 grams of protein. Moroccan Fish Tagine with Peppers and Olives has 33.0 grams of fat. Moroccan Fish Tagine with Peppers and Olives has 884.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Moroccan Fish Tagine with Peppers and Olives are 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 3 large garlic cloves, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon Hungarian sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1/8 teaspoon crushed saffron threads, 4 6-ounce white fish fillets (such as halibut or orange roughy), 1 pound carrots, peeled, thinly sliced, 1 1/2 pounds tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 medium-size red bell pepper, seeded, cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips, 24 brine-cured olives (such as Kalamata), Additional Chopped fresh Italian parsley.Most Moroccan fish specialties are prepared with a marinade called charmoula. Paprika, cumin, cilantro and garlic usually form its base, with other seasonings-such as the saffron and turmeric here-added for variation.  Fish Herb Olive Tomato Bake Marinate Spice Saffron Bell Pepper Spring Healthy Bon Appétit.