Moroccan-Spiced Pastitsio with Lamb and Feta recipe.  Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add lamb; cook until brown, breaking into small pieces, about 8 minutes. Stir in tomatoes with juice, mint, ras-el-hanout, tomato paste, 2 1/2 teaspoons cumin, and cinnamon. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until lamb mixture is thick, stirring often, 15 to 18 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, bring 2 cups milk to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat; cover to keep warm. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add flour; whisk until smooth. Reduce heat to medium-low; cook until roux is pale golden, whisking often, 3 to 4 minutes. Gradually add warm milk to roux, whisking until sauce is smooth. Whisk 1 cup milk and 3 egg yolks in medium bowl; whisk into sauce. Whisk in feta and 1/2 teaspoon cumin. Bring sauce to boil, whisking often. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until slightly thickened, mashing with potato masher to break up cheese, about 5 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm over low heat, whisking often, before using. Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter deep 14-cup baking dish. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta; return to same pot. Mix 2 tablespoons butter into pasta. Add egg whites and 1/4 cup Parmesan; stir to blend. Spread 4 cups pasta in dish. Spread lamb mixture over. Top with remaining pasta. Spoon sauce over; sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan. Place dish on rimmed baking sheet. Bake pastitsio until heated through, about 40 minutes. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes. Moroccan-Spiced Pastitsio with Lamb and Feta has 580.0 calories. Moroccan-Spiced Pastitsio with Lamb and Feta has 24.0 grams of protein. Moroccan-Spiced Pastitsio with Lamb and Feta has 33.0 grams of fat. Moroccan-Spiced Pastitsio with Lamb and Feta has 341.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Moroccan-Spiced Pastitsio with Lamb and Feta are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/4 cups chopped red onion, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 2 tablespoons dried mint, 1 1/2 tablespoons ras-el-hanout, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 teaspoons ground cumin, divided, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cups whole milk, divided, 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, divided, 6 tablespoons all purpose flour, 3 large eggs, separated, 6 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 1 pound penne rigate, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided, Ingredient info: Look for ras-el-hanout at specialty foods stores or order it online at adrianascaravan.com..This multi-culti recipe brings a moroccan flavor (the spice blend ras-el-hanout) to pastitsio, the classic Greek pasta dish.  Lamb Pasta Bake Sauté Low Cal Dinner Buffet Casserole Gratin Feta Potluck Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.