Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula recipe. Season steak with salt and pepper. Place steak in a large resealable bag or bowl. Pour chermoula over, toss to coat, then let rest at room temperature at least 1 hour. Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat grill pan over medium-high; lightly oil grate or pan. Remove steak from marinade; discard marinade. Grill steak until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 125°F, 2–3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before slicing against the grain. Toss carrots, cucumbers, arugula, salt, pepper, 1/2 cup herbs, and 1/4 cup chermoula sauce in a large bowl. Divide salad among 4 plates. Top with steak and remaining 1/2 cup herbs. Drizzle salads with remaining 1/4 cup chermoula sauce. Top with feta and pomegranate seeds. Steak can be marinated 10 hours ahead; chill in bag. Let steak come to room temperature at least 1 hour before cooking. Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula has 1039.0 calories. Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula has 39.0 grams of protein. Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula has 93.0 grams of fat. Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula has 1868.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Moroccan Skirt Steak Salad With Chermoula are 1 pound skirt steak, sliced crosswise into 5–6-inch-long pieces, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup Blender Chermoula Sauce, Vegetable oil (for grill), 2 medium carrots, shaved into long thin ribbons, 2 small Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced into rounds, 6 cups baby arugula, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup (packed) mixed herb leaves, such as parsley, cilantro, and mint, divided, 1/2 cup Blender Chermoula Sauce, divided, 1/4 cup crumbled feta, 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds.Fragrant, herbaceous chermoula sauce acts as both a marinade and a dressing for this pretty, Moroccan-inspired salad of carrot ribbons, crisp cucumbers, tangy feta, and bright pomegranate seeds.  Steak Salad Sauce Cilantro Parsley Cucumber Arugula Pomegranate Feta Dinner Flaming Hot Summer Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.