Moroccan-Spiced Vegetables recipe. Cut enough onion into 1/4-inch dice to measure 1 cup and thinly slice garlic. Trim fennel stalks flush with bulb, discarding stalks. Halve bulb and core. Cut enough fennel bulb into 1/4-inch dice to measure 1 1/4 cups. Cut enough zucchini into 1/4-inch dice to measure 1 1/2 cups. Cut enough carrot into 1/4-inch dice to measure 2/3 cup. Peel tomato see below), reserving boiling water and ice water, and seed. Cut enough tomato into 1/4-inch dice to measure 3/4 cup. Add carrot to boiling water and cook 1 minute. Drain carrot in a colander. Transfer carrot to ice water to stop cooking and drain. In a large heavy skillet cook onion and garlic in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add fennel, zucchini, and carrot and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add spices and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in tomato and pepper and salt to taste and cook, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fennel and carrot are just tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Keep vegetables warm, partially covered. Vegetables may be prepared 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat vegetables with 1 to 2 tablespoons water. Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. Cut an X in blossom end of each tomato. In a saucepan of boiling water blanch tomatoes 10 seconds. Transfer tomatoes with a slotted spoon to ice water to stop cooking. Peel tomatoes. Moroccan-Spiced Vegetables has 128.0 calories. Moroccan-Spiced Vegetables has 3.0 grams of protein. Moroccan-Spiced Vegetables has 7.0 grams of fat. Moroccan-Spiced Vegetables has 57.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Moroccan-Spiced Vegetables are 1 large onion, 1 garlic clove, 1 medium fennel bulb (sometimes called anise; about 1/2 pound), 1 large zucchini, 2 small carrots, 1 large vine-ripened tomato, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger, freshly ground black pepper.This recipe can be prepared in 45 minutes or less.  Tomato Vegetable Side Quick & Easy Gourmet Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.