Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce recipe.  Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until golden brown, about 18 minutes. Add garlic; sauté 3 minutes. Add 1 cup white wine and 3/4 cup red wine. Boil until most of liquid evaporates, about 10 minutes. Add both broths, orange juice, pomegranate molasses, 1 teaspoon marjoram, and bay leaf; boil until mixture is reduced to 2 cups, about 20 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.) Set rack at lowest position in oven; preheat to 450°F. Rub meat side of duck breasts with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 teaspoons marjoram. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Working in batches, sear breasts, skin side down, in heavy large skillet over high heat until skin browns and fat is rendered, about 8 minutes. Transfer duck breasts, skin side down, to rimmed baking sheet. Drain all but 1 1/2 tablespoons fat from skillet; reserve skillet. Roast duck until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 145°F for medium-rare, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, bring sauce to simmer. Rewarm duck fat in reserved skillet over medium heat. Add flour; stir 1 minute. Gradually whisk in sauce. Transfer duck breasts to cutting board. Pour off all fat from baking sheet. Add 1/4 cup white wine to sheet and scrape up browned bits; add to sauce. Simmer sauce 3 minutes to blend flavors. Season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice duck breasts and divide among 8 plates. Drizzle with sauce. *Available at some supermarkets and Middle Eastern markets, and by mail at adrianascaravan.com. Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce has 432.0 calories. Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce has 49.0 grams of protein. Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce has 15.0 grams of fat. Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce has 265.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Muscovy Duck Breasts with Pomegranate-Wine Sauce are 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 1/2 cups minced shallots (about 8 large), 6 garlic cloves, minced, 1 1/4 cups dry white wine, divided, 3/4 cup dry red wine, 2 14-ounce cans low-salt chicken broth, 1 14-ounce can low-salt beef broth, 3/4 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses*, 3 teaspoons minced fresh marjoram, divided, 1 fresh bay leaf, 4 pounds boneless Muscovy duck breasts (4 to 8 breast halves, depending on size), 1 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour.Muscovy duck is the leanest of all domesticated duck breeds, yet tender and full-flavored. This technique makes it even leaner by first rendering the fat from the skin (which also makes it deliciously crisp). If you don't find Muscovy duck in stores, order it online from dartangnan.com or grimaud.com.  Duck Fruit Garlic Bake Sauté Christmas Orange White Wine Winter Pomegranate Molasses Bon Appétit.