Mushroom Wraps with Spinach, Bell Peppers and Goat Cheese recipe.  Heat oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Add canned tomatoes with juices. Cook until liquid thickens slightly, about 15 minutes. Season mushroom mixture with salt and pepper. Heat large skillet over high heat. Add 1 tortilla to skillet and cook until pliable, about 15 seconds per side. Place on work surface. Spoon 1/6 of mushroom mixture in strip on lower half, leaving 2-inch border at sides. Top with 1/4 cup cheese, 2 tablespoons onions, 2 tablespoons cilantro, 1/6 of peppers and tomatoes, then 1/2 cup spinach leaves. Fold in sides of tortilla over filling; fold up bottom and continue to roll up, enclosing filling. Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling. Mushroom Wraps with Spinach, Bell Peppers and Goat Cheese has 384.0 calories. Mushroom Wraps with Spinach, Bell Peppers and Goat Cheese has 16.0 grams of protein. Mushroom Wraps with Spinach, Bell Peppers and Goat Cheese has 21.0 grams of fat. Mushroom Wraps with Spinach, Bell Peppers and Goat Cheese has 698.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mushroom Wraps with Spinach, Bell Peppers and Goat Cheese are 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 1/2 pounds portobello mushrooms, stemmed, caps thinly sliced, 2 14 1/2-ounce cans Mexican-style stewed tomatoes, 6 burrito-size flour tortillas, 1 1/2 cups crumbled soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet; about 7 ounces), 12 tablespoons chopped green onions, 12 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 cups sliced yellow bell peppers, 2 large plum tomatoes, seeded, cut into thin strips, 3 cups lightly packed baby spinach leaves (about 3 ounces).At the end of the century, vegetarian cooking gained wide acceptance-and became sophisticated. Wraps (basically burritos) were a hot fast food; everything from Thai chicken to ahi tuna got "wrapped" in flour tortillas or flatbread. The two trends pair up in this terrific dish. To make these even more like burritos, add one 15- to 16-ounce can of drained black beans to the filling.  Cheese Mushroom Vegetable Sauté Vegetarian Goat Cheese Spinach Bell Pepper Healthy Tortillas Bon Appétit.