Mushroom Sauté with Goat Cheese Crostini recipe. Place sun-dried tomatoes in small bowl. Pour boiling water over tomatoes; let soak until soft, about 20 minutes. Drain tomatoes; slice thinly. Set aside. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic, dried red pepper and thyme; sauté 1 minute. Increase heat to medium-high. Add shiitake and button mushrooms and sauté until brown, about 10 minutes. Add wine and lemon juice and simmer 2 minutes. Mix in sun-dried tomatoes and artichokes. Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.) Mix in basil and 2 tablespoons butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl; sprinkle with chopped parsley. Preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange baguette slices in single layer on baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven; maintain oven temperature. Brush each baguette slice with butter and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Return to oven; bake until cheese begins to melt, about 5 minutes. Serve warm crostini with goat cheese and mushroom mixture. Mushroom Sauté with Goat Cheese Crostini has 220.0 calories. Mushroom Sauté with Goat Cheese Crostini has 9.0 grams of protein. Mushroom Sauté with Goat Cheese Crostini has 17.0 grams of fat. Mushroom Sauté with Goat Cheese Crostini has 201.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mushroom Sauté with Goat Cheese Crostini are 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes (not oil-packed), 1 cup boiling water, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, sliced, 12 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1/2 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 8 artichoke hearts from 14-ounce can, cut into 1/2-inch wedges, 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 crusty French-bread baguette, cut diagonally into 1/3-inch-thick slices, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, melted, 1/2 cup (about) freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 8 ounces herbed goat cheese."Recently I had dinner at a fine restaurant with a peculiar name: The Place Next to the San Juan Ferry," says Beth Fogarty Day of Redmond, Washington. "It's right by the water in Friday Harbor, Washington. I'd love the recipe for the mushroom and goat cheese appetizer.".  Cheese Garlic Mushroom Tomato Appetizer Sauté Mother's Day Father's Day Goat Cheese Spring Birthday Engagement Party Potluck Bon Appétit.