Mushroom and Leek Soup with Thyme Cream recipe.  Using electric mixer, beat cream just until soft peaks form. Fold in 2 teaspoons thyme. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours to blend flavors. Thyme cream can be made up to 1 day ahead. If cream separates, whisk until soft peaks re-form. ) Remove from refrigerator 1 hour before serving to come to room temperature. In 4-quart stock pot over moderately high heat, heat 2 tablespoons butter until hot but not smoking. Working in 2 batches add 2 more tablespoons butter before second batch), cook mushrooms, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. In same stock pot over moderate heat, heat remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir in leeks, cover, and cook, stirring often, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add cooked mushrooms, sprinkle with flour, and stir until flour is evenly distributed. Stir in stock, then salt, pepper, and remaining 1 teaspoon thyme. Bring to boil, stirring often, then reduce heat to low, set lid ajar, and simmer 20 minutes. Soup can be made up to 2 days ahead and refrigerated, covered. Reheat before serving.) Divide soup among 8 bowls and top each portion with dollop of thyme cream. Serve immediately. Mushroom and Leek Soup with Thyme Cream has 244.0 calories. Mushroom and Leek Soup with Thyme Cream has 9.0 grams of protein. Mushroom and Leek Soup with Thyme Cream has 14.0 grams of fat. Mushroom and Leek Soup with Thyme Cream has 714.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mushroom and Leek Soup with Thyme Cream are 1/2 cup heavy cream, 3 teaspoons fresh thyme, chopped, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, 2 pounds crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices (10 1/2 cups), 3 large leeks, white and pale green parts only, cut into 1/4-inch dice (2 1/2 cups), 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 6 cups chicken stock or canned low-sodium chicken broth, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper.Although this soup is full of earthy flavor, it's also relatively light, which makes it a perfect first course for the big holiday meal. As a bonus, it can be prepared several days ahead and quickly reheated at the last minute.  Soup Stew Milk Cream Mushroom Appetizer Thanksgiving Quick & Easy Leek Fall Thyme Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.