Mussels on the Half Shell with Ravigote Sauce recipe.  Cook mussels in wine, covered, in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until mussels just open wide, checking frequently after 4 minutes and transferring open mussels to a shallow baking pan using a slotted spoon. Discard any mussels that remain unopened after 8 minutes.) When cool enough to handle, detach meat and discard 1 half shell from each mussel. Reserve meat and remaining shells. Peel and halve egg, then force it through a medium-mesh sieve into a bowl using back of a spoon. Whisk in oil, vinegar, onion, capers, mustard, parsley, chervil, chives, salt, and pepper until sauce is combined well. Add mussels, stirring to coat, then chill mussels in sauce, covered, at least 1 hour. Arrange half shells on a large platter and spoon a mussel with some sauce into each shell. Mussels on the Half Shell with Ravigote Sauce has 280.0 calories. Mussels on the Half Shell with Ravigote Sauce has 15.0 grams of protein. Mussels on the Half Shell with Ravigote Sauce has 21.0 grams of fat. Mussels on the Half Shell with Ravigote Sauce has 466.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mussels on the Half Shell with Ravigote Sauce are 48 mussels (preferably cultivated; about 1 1/2 lb), scrubbed and beards removed, 1/4 cup dry white wine, 1 hard-boiled large egg, 1/2 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar, 1 medium onion, finely chopped (1/2 cup), 2 teaspoons drained bottled capers, rinsed, chopped if large, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh chervil, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon black pepper.Ravigote sauce is piquant vinaigrette that typically contains onions, capers, and herbs. The hard-boiled egg in this rendition gives the sauce body.  Egg Herb Appetizer Steam Low Carb Quick & Easy Mussel White Wine Capers Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.