Mussels in Light Broth recipe.  In a 4-quart pot over medium heat, add the oil. Add the ginger, garlic, cumin, black peppercorns, asafoetida, and salt. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and cilantro and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 2 cups of water and cook for 8 minutes on a low heat. Add the mussels, cover and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the mussels are opened. Remove from the heat. Transfer the mussels and broth to a serving bowl and finish with the tempered oil. In a small pan over medium heat, add oil. Add the curry leaves and mustard seeds; when the mustard seeds begin to pop, remove the oil from the flame, about 30 seconds. Drizzle the oil over the mussels and broth. Mussels in Light Broth has 16.0 calories. Mussels in Light Broth has 1.0 grams of protein. Mussels in Light Broth has 1.0 grams of fat. Mussels in Light Broth has 51.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mussels in Light Broth are 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon peeled, finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds (coarsely crushed in a mortar and pestle), 10–12 whole black peppercorns, coarsely crushed in a mortar and pestle, 1/4 teaspoon asafoetida powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 16 ounces canned crushed tomatoes or 2 cups peeled, diced fresh tomatoes, 1/2 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves and stems, 2 pounds fresh mussels, 1 tablespoon Tempered Oil, 2 tablespoons oil, 10–12 curry leaves, 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds.Rasam, as prepared in most homes in Southern India, uses either tamarind or tomatoes as the base. It is a piquant broth poured over steaming hot rice. In our home—both in Kerala and America—rasam was a staple part of everyday meals. One night when I was a teenager, I was out to dinner with my brother Tom in New York City’s Little Italy and ate mussels cooked in a light tomato broth very reminiscent of rasam. I couldn’t wait to get home, buy fresh mussels, and cook them in rasam. This dish has made its rounds in my kitchens for close to three decades now. Make sure to have some fresh crusty bread to soak up the tomato-mussel broth.  Dinner Mussel Shellfish Tomato Cumin Garlic Cilantro.