Mussel Soup with Avocado, Tomato, and Dill recipe. Wash leeks in a bowl of cold water, agitating them, then lift out leeks and pat dry. Cook leeks in butter in a wide 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add thyme and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in beer and water, then increase heat to moderately high and bring to a boil. Add mussels and return liquid to a boil, partially covered. Cook, completely covered, stirring occasionally, just until mussels open wide, checking frequently after 4 minutes and transferring to a large bowl. Discard any mussels that remain unopened after 8 minutes.) Working over a bowl, remove mussels from shells and put in bowl discard shells along with any clinging leeks). Pour any cooking liquid accumulated in bowl back into pot. Pour cooking liquid through a sieve lined with a double layer of cheesecloth or dampened paper towels into a 2-quart heavy saucepan. Stir in half-and-half, salt, and white pepper, then heat over moderately low heat until hot do not let boil). Stir in mussels and heat until just warmed through. Meanwhile, halve avocado, then peel 1 half wrap remaining half tightly in plastic wrap and reserve for another use). Cut into 1/2-inch cubes, then toss gently with tomatoes and dill in a bowl. Divide soup among 6 shallow bowls and spoon some avocado mixture into each. Serve immediately. Mussel Soup with Avocado, Tomato, and Dill has 451.0 calories. Mussel Soup with Avocado, Tomato, and Dill has 31.0 grams of protein. Mussel Soup with Avocado, Tomato, and Dill has 20.0 grams of fat. Mussel Soup with Avocado, Tomato, and Dill has 794.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mussel Soup with Avocado, Tomato, and Dill are 1 1/2 pounds leeks (3 medium; white and pale green parts only), quartered lengthwise, then sliced crosswise, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 (3-inch) sprigs fresh thyme, 1 (12-ounce) bottle lager, 1 1/2 cups water, 3 pounds mussels (preferably cultivated), scrubbed well and beards removed if attached, 1 cup half-and-half, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground white pepper, 1 (8-ounce) firm-ripe avocado, 18 very small grape or pear tomatoes (1/4 pound), halved, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh dill.This soup was inspired by a meal at the Copenhagen microbrewery Nørrebro Bryghus. (Who knew breweries could be fine-dining destinations?) Lager lends a malty richness to the velvety broth, thick with mussels; cold chopped avocado and tomato mingle with the heat, bringing the whole spectrum of flavors into sharper focus.  Soup Stew Herb Shellfish Tomato Appetizer Seafood Mussel Avocado Leek Dill Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.