Mustard-Crusted Pork Loin With Apple–Cabbage Slaw recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Pat pork dry and season well with salt and pepper. In a bowl, whisk mustard and olive oil together. Using your hands, rub mixture all over pork tenderloin. Let meat sit until it comes to room temperature, at least 20 to 30 minutes. Place pork on a wire rack on a rimmed 36 x 18-inch baking sheet lined with foil. Place in the oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350°F and cook for another 10 minutes or until meat reaches an internal temperature of 145°F on a meat thermometer. Remove from oven, set aside, and cover with aluminum foil. In a skillet, heat butter, vinegar, and sugar over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Then turn up the heat to medium-high, add the cabbage and apple, and cook until the cabbage has wilted somewhat, about 10 minutes. Stir in chopped parsley. Remove foil from pork and slice. Spread cabbage on a platter, top with pork slices, and serve. Mustard-Crusted Pork Loin With Apple–Cabbage Slaw has 360.0 calories. Mustard-Crusted Pork Loin With Apple–Cabbage Slaw has 37.0 grams of protein. Mustard-Crusted Pork Loin With Apple–Cabbage Slaw has 17.0 grams of fat. Mustard-Crusted Pork Loin With Apple–Cabbage Slaw has 925.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mustard-Crusted Pork Loin With Apple–Cabbage Slaw are 1 1½-pound pork tenderloin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ½ cup grainy mustard, such as Grey Poupon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 4 cups shredded cabbage, 1 apple, grated through medium to large holes on grater, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley.During Easter time in Ireland, I love to whip up this easy dish for my family. My mom always has three other types of meat in the oven, usually a duck, a goose, and a turkey. Sometimes beef, too. So trying to find the space to make this meat ends up in an annual argument. Every. Single. Time. Just a snippet of Easter with the O’Keeffes.  HarperCollins Pork Roast Apple Cabbage Mustard Dinner Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.