Mustard Aioli-Grilled Potatoes with Fines Herbes recipe.  Whisk together the mayonnaise, garlic, and both mustards in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Cover the aioli and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day. Put the potatoes in a pot, cover with cold water by 2 inches, and add 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until a skewer inserted into the center of a potato meets some resistance, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain well and let cool slightly. Heat your grill to medium for direct grilling. Put the potatoes in a large bowl, toss with the aioli, and season with salt. Grill until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a platter, sprinkle with the fresh herbs, and season with salt and pepper. Mustard Aioli-Grilled Potatoes with Fines Herbes has 430.0 calories. Mustard Aioli-Grilled Potatoes with Fines Herbes has 6.0 grams of protein. Mustard Aioli-Grilled Potatoes with Fines Herbes has 23.0 grams of fat. Mustard Aioli-Grilled Potatoes with Fines Herbes has 278.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mustard Aioli-Grilled Potatoes with Fines Herbes are 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 2 garlic cloves, smashed to a paste, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 heaping tablespoon whole grain mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 1/2 pounds baby Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon.An abundance of mustard seeds grows in California's Napa Valley—as it does in the south of France; the regions share a similar climate. It makes sense, then, that many of the same ingredients feature prominently in both cuisines. These potatoes, grilled with a mustardy aioli (basically, garlic-scented mayonnaise) and served with a scattering of herbs, would be at home on either region's table. Delicate parsley, chives, and tarragon are known collectively as fines herbes and are a staple of Mediterranean cooking.  Herb Potato Side Fourth of July Vegetarian Father's Day Backyard BBQ Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.