Mustard-Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Arugula, Red Onion, and Wax Bean Salad recipe.  Preheat oven to 425°F. Stir together mustards, brown sugar, pepper, and lemon zest. Pat beef dry and season generously with salt. Heat oil in a heavy skillet over moderately high heat until just beginning to smoke, then brown beef on all sides, about 2 minutes total. Transfer to an oiled shallow baking pan and coat with mustard mixture. Roast beef in middle of oven until a thermometer inserted 2 inches into thickest part of meat registers 125°F for medium-rare, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let stand until cool, at least 45 minutes. Chill onion slices in water to cover 30 minutes. Cook beans in boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Drain beans in a colander and rinse under cold water to stop cooking, then transfer to a large bowl. Add arugula to beans. Drain onion slices and pat dry. Whisk together vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Cut beef into thin slices. Add onion slices, beef, and enough dressing to arugula and beans to just coat and toss to combine well. Mustard-Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Arugula, Red Onion, and Wax Bean Salad has 981.0 calories. Mustard-Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Arugula, Red Onion, and Wax Bean Salad has 51.0 grams of protein. Mustard-Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Arugula, Red Onion, and Wax Bean Salad has 77.0 grams of fat. Mustard-Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Arugula, Red Onion, and Wax Bean Salad has 493.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Mustard-Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Arugula, Red Onion, and Wax Bean Salad are 1/4 cup coarse-grain mustard, 3/4 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 1/4 teaspoons packed dark brown sugar, 3/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 1 (1-lb) trimmed beef tenderloin roast, tied, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 small red onion (1/4 lb), thinly sliced, 1/2 lb wax or green beans, cut diagonally into 2-inch pieces, 4 oz baby arugula (4 cups), 1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/4 cup olive oil.Transporting this dish is easy: Stack the fillet slices together and wrap them in plastic wrap; pack the arugula, onions, beans, and dressing in separate containers. Then toss everything together just before serving.  Salad Beef Mustard Roast Picnic Salad Dressing Vinegar Arugula Summer Gourmet.