Nectarine Lime Curd Tart with a Brown-Sugar Crust recipe. Halve and pit nectarine. Cut halves into pieces and in a blender purée until smooth. In a heavy saucepan whisk together purée, yolks, granulated sugar, lime juice, butter, and vanilla. Cook mixture over moderately low heat, whisking constantly, until it just reaches a boil, about 7 minutes, and immediately remove pan from heat. Strain curd through a sieve into a bowl and cool, its surface covered with a buttered round of wax paper. Chill curd at least 2 hours and up to 2 days. Preheat oven to 375°F. Cut butter into pieces. In a food processor pulse flour, brown sugar, and salt until combined well. Add butter and blend until a dough begins to form mixture should hold together when squeezed between fingers). Press dough evenly into bottom and up sides of a 13 1/2- by 4- by 1-inch rectangular tart pan with a removable fluted rim. Bake crust in middle of oven 20 minutes and cool in pan on a rack. Crust may be made 2 days ahead and kept in pan, covered, at room temperature. Halve and pit nectarines. Cut halves into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Spoon curd into shell, smoothing top, and arrange nectarine slices decoratively on top. In a small saucepan heat jam over low heat until hot. Pour jam through a sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Lightly brush fruit with glaze. Chill tart, loosely covered with plastic wrap, until ready to serve. Tart may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Nectarine Lime Curd Tart with a Brown-Sugar Crust has 576.0 calories. Nectarine Lime Curd Tart with a Brown-Sugar Crust has 8.0 grams of protein. Nectarine Lime Curd Tart with a Brown-Sugar Crust has 23.0 grams of fat. Nectarine Lime Curd Tart with a Brown-Sugar Crust has 463.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Nectarine Lime Curd Tart with a Brown-Sugar Crust are 1 firm-ripe medium nectarine, 5 large egg yolks, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lime, 2 tablespoons unsalted, 1/8 teaspoon vanilla, 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1/3 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 4 firm-ripe medium nectarines, 1/3 cup peach jam.For this recipe we call for a 13 1/2- by 4- by 1-inch rectangular tart pan with a removable fluted rim; you could also use an 8 1/2- by 1-inch round tart pan (both have about a 3 3/4-cup capacity).  Dairy Egg Dessert Bake Lime Nectarine Summer Jam or Jelly Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.