New England Seafood Chowder recipe.  To render fat, cook chopped bacon in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat 5 minutes. Add chopped onions and sauté until onions are translucent, about 8 minutes. Add curry powder and stir 30 seconds. Mix in bottled clam juice, diced potatoes, diced butternut squash and bay leaves. Simmer 5 minutes. Add chopped kale leaves and simmer until vegetables are almost tender, about 10 minutes. Add 5 cups milk, 1 cup half and half and minced thyme. Chowder can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover tightly and refrigerate.) Bring chowder to simmer. Add fish and simmer until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Discard bay leaves. Ladle chowder into bowls and serve. New England Seafood Chowder has 1234.0 calories. New England Seafood Chowder has 67.0 grams of protein. New England Seafood Chowder has 23.0 grams of fat. New England Seafood Chowder has 1269.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of New England Seafood Chowder are 8 bacon slices, chopped, 2 large onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 4 8-ounce bottles clam juice, 4 cups 1/2-inch dice peeled white potatoes (about 3 pounds), 4 cups 1/2-inch dice peeled butternut squash (about 3 pounds), 2 bay leaves, 4 cups chopped kale leaves, 5 cups milk, 1 cup half and half, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried, crumbled, 3 pounds mixed fresh fish (a choice of cod, halibut, haddock and/or  scrod), cut into 3/4-inch pieces.Whether they feature shellfish, smoked fish or fresh fish, chowders are an essential part of New England cooking. Ours is prepared with a mixture of fresh cod, haddock and halibut, three important North Atlantic ocean varieties. We've made the surprising addition of butternut squash and kale--both popular regional vegetables--to this hearty soup for extra color and texture. Curry powder lends an unexpected bit of spice.  Soup Stew Milk Cream Fish Leafy Green Potato Lunch Bacon Curry Kale Butternut Squash Fall Winter Healthy Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.