New Potatoes with Three-Cheese Fondue recipe.  Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Add cream, cream cheese, Parmesan, and Gruyère. Whisk until smooth, about 3 minutes. Stir in nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Combine potatoes, 6 cups water and salt in large saucepan. Bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and cook until potatoes are just tender when pierced with skewer, about 6 minutes. Drain. Transfer potatoes to bowl. Add olive oil and parsley; toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Fondue and potatoes can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate. Whisk fondue 5 minutes over medium heat until melted and smooth. Reheat potatoes in 350°F oven 10 minutes.) Place potatoes on platter. Spear each with skewer. Serve with warm fondue. New Potatoes with Three-Cheese Fondue has 195.0 calories. New Potatoes with Three-Cheese Fondue has 5.0 grams of protein. New Potatoes with Three-Cheese Fondue has 18.0 grams of fat. New Potatoes with Three-Cheese Fondue has 268.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of New Potatoes with Three-Cheese Fondue are 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1/2 cup chopped onion, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons whipping cream, 1 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 2 ounces), 1/2 cup (packed) grated Gruyère cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces), 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 pound unpeeled large red-skinned potatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces, 6 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 48 (about) 6-inch skewers.Although a fondue pot suits this recipe, it isn't absolutely necessary. Simply put the fondue in a decorative microwavable bowl, and serve it warm. When the fondue gets too cold, just rewarm it in the microwave. Set out a small bowl for the used skewers.  Milk Cream Cheese Potato Appetizer Sauté Cream Cheese Parmesan Fall Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.