No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart recipe. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk in brown sugar. Whisk until mixture bubbles thickly, about 2 minutes. Mix in cracker crumbs; stir 1 minute. Using back of fork, press warm crumb mixture over bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Cool crust completely. Pour milk into small custard cup. Sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand until gelatin softens, about 15 minutes. Whisk 1 cup sugar, lemon juice, and lemon peel in heavy medium saucepan to blend well. Whisk in eggs, then remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Whisk over medium heat until custard thickens and just begins to boil, about 5 minutes; remove from heat. Add gelatin mixture; whisk until gelatin dissolves. Let stand until beginning to set, about 10 minutes. Pour warm filling into crust. Chill until filling is firm, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. Beat cream and remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in medium bowl until peaks form. Pipe or spoon cream over tart. Serve immediately or chill up to 4 hours. No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart has 480.0 calories. No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart has 4.0 grams of protein. No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart has 30.0 grams of fat. No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart has 84.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of No-Bake Lemon Cream Tart are 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, 1/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 7 whole graham crackers, finely crushed, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 2 large eggs, 1 1/4 cups chilled whipping cream."My taste in food is pretty simple," writes Sara Hainsworth of Frederick, Maryland. "I'm a meat-and-potatoes — and chocolate — kind of person. This lemon tart recipe is my husband, Greg's, specialty. Greg and I cook together a lot, which is fun and makes weeknight dinners and cooking for friends easier to manage now that we're starting our own family.".  Citrus Dessert Freeze Chill Lemon Spring Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.