Norma Naranjo's Tamales recipe. To prepare the husks: Separate the bundle into individual husks, place them in a pot of warm water over medium-low heat, and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes, until soft. Remove from heat, place a plate on top of the husks to keep them under water, and soak for 1 hour. Meanwhile, prepare the dough by placing the masa harina in a large bowl. Knead in the butter. Add the vegetable oil. Add the salt and baking powder and knead to continue thoroughly. Add the water, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring or kneading after each addition, until the dough is slightly pliant and rather pasty. Cover and set aside. To prepare the filling: Warm the vegetable oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add the squash and cook 1 to 2 minutes, shaking the pan so that each side of the squash toasts slightly. Transfer to bowl. To assemble the tamales: Pat the cornhusks dry and cut into 4-inch squares. Cut some of the husks into thin strips for tying the tamales cut at least 40 strips). Spread 1 tablespoon of the dough in the center of a husk square to create a 2 1/2-inch square. Brush a little chile sauce over the dough, sprinkle on a little squash, and then a little corn. Lay a piece of green chile on the middle of the filling and sprinkle with cheese. As if covering a small package with wrapping paper, fold the sides of the husk toward the center, then the ends. Tie the bundle with a husk strip. When the tamales have been assembled, place upright on a steaming rack over boiling water. Cover and cook for 20 minutes. Serve as an appetizer or with a green chile sauce. The ingredients of Norma Naranjo's Tamales are One 8-ounce package dried corn husks, approximately 48 individual husks, 3 cups masa harina (preferably Maseca brand), 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, softened, 1/4 vegetable oil or fresh lard, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, About 1 1/2 cups warm water, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 3 cups diced peeled calabaza, zucchini, or summer squash, in 1/2-inch pieces, 1 cup Red Chile Sauce, 2 cups fresh chico corn kernels or other small, sweet corn kernels, 4 to 6 roasted green chiles (canned or fresh), seeded and thinly sliced into 2-inch-long strips, 2 cups shredded mozzarella or other fresh mild cheese.Highway 84 runs from Santa Fe to Colorado. About forty minutes north of Santa Fe, the highway cuts a paved path through Ohkay Owingeh, a Native American reservation, and the roadside becomes dense with fast-food outlets, outposts of national grocery chains, Walmart, and billboards for Ohkay Casino, Hutch and Norma Naranjo's sprawling midcentury home is set about fifty years back from the road, a shrine to the tug-of-war between new ways and traditional ones. In the backyward Mr. Naranjo built two hornos (behive-shaped adobe ovens). Inside the house, a handmade wreath of dried chiles hangs on one wall and a string of made-for-tourists ceramic peppers on another. A naïve painting of St. Francis hangs not far from a cluster of the dream catchers that the couple and their two grown children fashion from string, feathers, and yarn, just as their Pueblo ancestors did.  Thanksgiving Hominy Cornmeal Masa.