Northwestern Wild Mushroom Stuffing recipe.  Combine 2 cups hot water and porcini mushrooms in medium bowl; let stand until mushrooms are soft, about 30 minutes. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Squeeze porcini dry; chop coarsely. Preheat oven to 325°F. Divide bread between 2 baking sheets. Bake until beginning to brown, about 15 minutes. Cool. Transfer to very large bowl. Melt butter in heavy Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add leeks, shallots, and crimini and shiitake mushrooms and sauté until golden and tender, about 15 minutes. Mix in celery and porcini; sauté 5 minutes. Transfer mixture to bowl with bread cubes. Mix in parsley, hazelnuts, thyme and sage. Season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill porcini soaking liquid and stuffing separately.) Mix eggs into stuffing. Fill main turkey cavity with stuffing. Combine broth and 1/2 cup reserved porcini soaking liquid in large glass measuring cup. Add enough broth mixture to remaining stuffing to moisten about 3/4 to 1 cup broth mixture, depending on amount of remaining stuffing). Spoon remaining stuffing into buttered baking dish. Cover with buttered foil. Bake stuffing in dish alongside turkey until heated through, about 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is crisp, about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 15x10x2-inch baking dish. Mix 3/4 cup reserved porcini soaking liquid and 3/4 cup broth into stuffing. Transfer stuffing to prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil and bake until heated through, about 1 hour. Uncover and bake until top is crisp, about 15 minutes. Northwestern Wild Mushroom Stuffing has 290.0 calories. Northwestern Wild Mushroom Stuffing has 10.0 grams of protein. Northwestern Wild Mushroom Stuffing has 12.0 grams of fat. Northwestern Wild Mushroom Stuffing has 243.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Northwestern Wild Mushroom Stuffing are 2 cups hot water, 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 1 1/2 to 1 3/4-pound loaf unsliced egg bread, crust trimmed, bread cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 16 cups), 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, 4 cups coarsely chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 3 medium leeks), 1 cup chopped shallots (about 8), 1 1/4 pounds crimini or button mushrooms, sliced, 1/2 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced, 2 cups chopped celery, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted husked hazelnuts, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 tablespoon dried, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage or 2 teaspoons dried rubbed sage, 2 large eggs, beaten to blend, 3/4 cup canned low-salt chicken broth.Hazelnuts and wild mushrooms - popular ingredients from Oregon and Washington - add terrific flavor and texture to this sophisticated stuffing.  Mushroom Side Bake Sauté Thanksgiving Stuffing Dressing Leek Sage Thyme Bon Appétit Peanut Free Soy Free.