Nutcracker Tart recipe.  Mix flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add shortening and butter. Using on/off turns, process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer flour mixture to large bowl. Combine 3 tablespoons ice water and vinegar in small bowl; pour over flour mixture. Stir with fork until moist clumps form, adding more water by teaspoonfuls as needed. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap disk in plastic and chill at least 20 minutes and up to 3 days. Roll out dough disk on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 11-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Press dough into tart pan. Trim dough overhang and reserve. Freeze crust 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 450°F. Bake crust until golden, about 17 minutes; if crust bubbles, press with back of fork. Cool on rack. Reduce oven temperature to 400°F. Mix 1 1/2 cups cream, both sugars and honey in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until mixture bubbles thickly and darkens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in grated orange peel. Let stand 20 minutes. Stir in walnuts, pecans, cashews and almonds. Spoon filling into crust, distributing nuts evenly. Bake tart until filling is bubbling thickly and is deep amber in color, about 22 minutes. Cool completely on rack. Serve with whipped cream and Orange-Cranberry Compote, if desired. Nutcracker Tart has 364.0 calories. Nutcracker Tart has 5.0 grams of protein. Nutcracker Tart has 23.0 grams of fat. Nutcracker Tart has 106.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Nutcracker Tart are 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/3 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, diced, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced, 3 tablespoons (about) ice water, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 1/2 cups whipping cream, 2/3 cup sugar, 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/3 cup honey, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel, 2/3 cup chopped walnuts, 2/3 cup pecan halves, 2/3 cup roasted unsalted cashews, coarsely chopped, 2/3 cup sliced almonds, Whipped cream, Orange-Cranberry Compote (optional).Filled with a mixture of nuts, brown sugar, honey and grated orange peel, this tart will dress up any holiday table. Serve it with whipped cream and, if desired, the Orange-Cranberry Compote.  Dessert Bake Christmas Almond Cashew Pecan Walnut Winter Honey Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.