Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins, Dates, and Walnuts recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with foil; butter foil. Blend first 5 ingredients in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter, vegetable shortening, and both sugars in large bowl until fluffy. Beat in honey, eggs, and vanilla. Gradually beat in flour mixture. Stir in oats, raisins, dates, and walnuts. Drop batter by tablespoonfuls onto prepared sheets, spacing mounds 2 inches apart. Flatten cookies slightly. Bake cookies until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool completely on sheets. Can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.) Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins, Dates, and Walnuts has 153.0 calories. Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins, Dates, and Walnuts has 2.0 grams of protein. Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins, Dates, and Walnuts has 6.0 grams of fat. Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins, Dates, and Walnuts has 50.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins, Dates, and Walnuts are 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar, 1/4 cup honey, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 cups old-fashioned oats, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup chopped pitted dates, 1 cup chopped walnuts.Charmaine Haravey of Niwot, Colorado, writes: "I love spending my days in the mountains. It's one of the reasons that I moved to Boulder County. But since I started my new job, I don't have as much time to hike, ski, or enjoy my other favorite activity — cooking. Spending time in the kitchen has now become a luxury. Instead of making a complete meal in the evening, I prepare "single-girl food" — namely cookies, grilled sandwiches, and egg dishes. But I don't use that expression negatively. I never miss an opportunity to share a batch of cookies with my friends.".  Cookies Fruit Nut Bake Raisin Date Walnut Oat Bon Appétit.