Oatmeal, Fig, and Walnut Bars recipe.  Combine first 4 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Uncover and simmer until figs are very soft and filling is thick, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Mix in lemon juice and vanilla, then walnuts. Cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Spray 13x9x2- inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Combine oats and next 5 ingredients in large bowl and whisk to blend. Add cubed "butter." Using fingertips, blend until mixture forms small moist clumps. Firmly press half of crust mixture about 3 cups) over bottom of prepared pan. Spread filling evenly over crust. Sprinkle remaining crust mixture over filling; press to adhere. Bake bars until deep brown and firm to touch, about 35 minutes. Cool in pan on rack. Cut crosswise into 6 strips. Make 8 lengthwise cuts, forming 2x1-inch bars. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover pan with foil; store at room temperature. Place powdered sugar in medium bowl. Using narrow spatula, remove as many bars as desired from pan. Roll half of bars in powdered sugar to coat. Arrange coated bars and plain bars alternately on platter. The ingredients of Oatmeal, Fig, and Walnut Bars are 2 cups chopped stemmed dried figs (10 to 11 ounces), 1 cup water, 6 tablespoons sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup walnuts, toasted, coarsely chopped, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 3/4 cups old-fashioned oats, 13/4 cups all purpose flour, 1 1/4 cups (packed) dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled vegan "butter" (such as Earth Balance) or margarine, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup powdered sugar. Dessert Bake Vegetarian Low Cal Dried Fruit Walnut Oat Low Cholesterol Vegan Party Simmer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.