Oatmeal, Pecan, and Date Sticky Biscuits recipe. Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 375°F. Spray 10-inch-diameter cake pan with 2-inch-high sides with nonstick spray. Combine 1/2 cup brown sugar, butter, and corn syrup in medium saucepan. Whisk over medium heat until sugar dissolves and syrup is bubbling at edges, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in vanilla. Spread syrup evenly in prepared pan. Arrange pecans, rounded side down, in concentric circles in syrup. Mix 1/3 cup sugar, dates, and cinnamon in small bowl. Whisk first 5 ingredients in large bowl. Add diced butter. Rub in with fingertips until coarse meal forms. Add 3/4 cup buttermilk and toss, using fork, until moist clumps form, adding more buttermilk by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into rectangle. Roll dough out on floured parchment paper to 16x8-inch rectangle. Brush with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Sprinkle evenly with date mixture; press to adhere. Starting at 1 long side and using parchment as aid, roll up jelly-roll style. Cut dough log crosswise into 8 equal pieces. Place 1 piece, cut side down, in center of pan; arrange remaining 7 pieces around center. Press each to flatten slightly. Brush tops with 1 tablespoon melted butter. Bake biscuits until tester inserted into dough comes out clean and syrup is bubbling thickly, about 35 minutes. Remove biscuits from oven and let stand 1 minute. Place platter over pan. Using oven mitts, hold pan and platter together and invert. Lift off pan; scrape syrup left in pan over biscuits. Cool at least 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. Oatmeal, Pecan, and Date Sticky Biscuits has 602.0 calories. Oatmeal, Pecan, and Date Sticky Biscuits has 8.0 grams of protein. Oatmeal, Pecan, and Date Sticky Biscuits has 34.0 grams of fat. Oatmeal, Pecan, and Date Sticky Biscuits has 379.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Oatmeal, Pecan, and Date Sticky Biscuits are Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup (packed) dark brown sugar, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, diced, 1/4 cup dark corn syrup, 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups pecan halves, 1/2 cup diced pitted Medjool dates, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups all purpose flour, 1/2 cup quick-cooking oats, 2 tablespoons sugar, 21/2 teaspoons baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced, plus 3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, divided, 3/4 cup (or more) buttermilk.They look like sticky buns, but these sweet, gooey treats are actually made from biscuit batter. They're great with brunch.  Bread Brunch Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Kid-Friendly Mother's Day Back to School Date Pecan Oat Fall Cinnamon Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.