Olive Focaccia with Pancetta and Onion Topping recipe. Combine 1 3/4 cups flour, yeast, sugar and salt in processor. Combine 3/4 cup hot water and 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil in cup. With machine running, pour water mixture into processor through feed tube. Process until dough forms, then continue processing 40 seconds to knead. Add olives and process to combine. Knead dough on floured surface until no longer sticky, adding more flour if necessary. Grease medium bowl with olive oil. Add dough, turning to coat surface. Cover with towel and let dough rise in warm draft-free area until doubled in volume, about 35 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease 13-inch pizza pan or baking sheet. Punch dough down. Let rest 5 minutes. Roll out to 12-inch round on flour surface. Transfer to prepared pan. Build up edges slightly. Let rise in warm draft-free area 15 minutes. Dimple surface of dough all over with fingertips and build up edge again. Let rise in warm draft-free area 15 minutes longer. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add chopped pancetta, onion and 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped rosemary and sauté until onion just begins to soften slightly, about 5 minutes. Remove onion mixture from heat. Tilt skillet with onion mixture and, with pastry brush, brush bread dough with olive oil in bottom of skillet, using additional olive oil if necessary to coat. Top bread dough with onion mixture. Sprinkle with freshly ground pepper. Bake bread until brown on bottom and edges, about 30 minutes. Cut hot bread into wedges. Transfer wedges to platter. Garnish focaccia with fresh rosemary sprigs if desired and serve. Olive Focaccia with Pancetta and Onion Topping has 170.0 calories. Olive Focaccia with Pancetta and Onion Topping has 6.0 grams of protein. Olive Focaccia with Pancetta and Onion Topping has 12.0 grams of fat. Olive Focaccia with Pancetta and Onion Topping has 514.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Olive Focaccia with Pancetta and Onion Topping are 1 3/4 cups (or more) bread flour, 1 package fast-rising dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 3/4 cup hot water (125°F to 130°F), 2 1/2 tablespoons (or more) olive oil, 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives, Olive oil, 2 ounces pancetta or bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary or 1/2 teaspoon dried crumbled, Fresh rosemary sprigs (optional).Fast-rising yeast makes this bread a snap to prepare. A dry red wine, like Chianti, is ideal with this Italian-accented menu.  Bread Food Processor Olive Onion Pork Bake Rosemary Bacon Bon Appétit.