Onion Tart with Mustard and Fennel recipe.  Stir together yeast and warm water in a small bowl and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. If mixture doesn't foam, start over with new yeast.) Put 1 1/2 cups flour in a medium bowl, then make a well in center of flour and add yeast mixture to well. Stir together egg, 1 tablespoon oil, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt with a fork. Add egg mixture to yeast mixture and mix with a wooden spoon or your fingertips, gradually incorporating flour, until a soft dough forms. Transfer dough to a floured surface and knead, working in additional flour up to 1/4 cup) as necessary, until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Transfer dough to an oiled bowl and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a draft-free place at warm room temperature until doubled, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. While dough rises, heat remaining 1/3 cup oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté fennel seeds until a shade darker, about 30 seconds. Stir in onions, remaining teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then reduce heat to medium-low and cover onions directly with a round of parchment paper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are very tender and golden brown, 1 to 1 1/4 hours. Preheat oven to 375°F with rack in middle. Knead dough gently on a floured surface with floured hands to deflate. Pat out dough on a large heavy baking sheet preferably blue steel) into a 15- by 12-inch rectangle, turning up or crimping edge, then brush mustard evenly over dough, leaving a 1/2-inch border around edge. Spread onions evenly over mustard, then sprinkle evenly with cheese. Bake tart until crust is golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Cut into 2-inch squares or diamonds and serve warm or at room temperature. Onion Tart with Mustard and Fennel has 304.0 calories. Onion Tart with Mustard and Fennel has 8.0 grams of protein. Onion Tart with Mustard and Fennel has 14.0 grams of fat. Onion Tart with Mustard and Fennel has 863.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Onion Tart with Mustard and Fennel are 2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast (a 1/4-ounce package), 1/2 cup warm water (105-115°F), 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 large egg, 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 2 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 3 pound yellow onions, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano.Simple savory tarts abound in Provence. A particular favorite includes slow-cooked onions, mellow and nearly as sweet as marmalade, punctuated with hints of the herbs that grow wild all over the region—in this case, fennel. Cooks are known to vary their crusts depending on the affair, from short, buttery versions to pizzalike yeast crusts; the latter is used here to keep the tart light.  Mustard Onion Bake Cocktail Party Bastille Day Parmesan Family Reunion Gourmet.