Orange and Date Baklava recipe. Stir first 3 ingredients in small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; boil 1 minute. Remove from heat. Mix in honey, orange flower water and almond extract. Cool. Combine first 4 ingredients in processor. Using on/off turns, process until dates are minced. Add juice; process until coarse paste forms. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix sugar and cinnamon. Stack phyllo on work surface. Using bottom of 8 x 8 x 2-inch pan as guide, cut out two 8-inch-square stacks, making 24 squares. Butter inside of same pan. Place 2 phyllo squares in pan. Brush with butter; sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon sugar. Repeat layering of phyllo squares 2 at a time), butter and sugar 4 more times a total of 10 phyllo squares). Spread half of filling over. Top with 2 phyllo squares. Brush with butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Repeat with 2 more squares, butter and sugar. Spread with remaining filling. Layer 10 squares 2 at a time) over filling, brushing with butter and sprinkling with sugar. Using knife, score top into 16 squares do not cut through to filling). Bake baklava until deep golden, about 30 minutes. Cut through scored lines to bottom of pan. Spoon cool syrup over hot baklava. Cool. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover. Let stand at room temperature.) Orange and Date Baklava has 261.0 calories. Orange and Date Baklava has 2.0 grams of protein. Orange and Date Baklava has 7.0 grams of fat. Orange and Date Baklava has 70.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Orange and Date Baklava are 1/3 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon orange flower water, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 3 cups whole pitted dates, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 cup orange juice, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 sheets fresh phyllo pastry or frozen, thawed (each about 18 x 14 inches), 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted.This version of the Greek and Turkish dessert features dates instead of nuts. Date palms flourish in the hot climate of the Middle East.  Fruit Dessert Bake Orange Date Fall Winter Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Pastry Bon Appétit.