Orange-Scented Bluefish recipe.  Remove the fish from the brine and pat it dry. Brush it with a mixture of the olive oil and orange zest. Place the fish, skin side down, on the grill away from the coals of a small fire. Add a few chunks of wood to the coals and cover the grill. For bluefish, I prefer a fruit or nut wood such as peach, pecan, apple, or cherry. Orange wood is also a fun choice. Close the air intake to just a sliver and cook for 12 to 15 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fillet and intensity of the fire. When the fish is cooked, it will have a beautiful rusty hue and the meat will flake under gentle pressure. Gently remove the filets to a platter and serve immediately. I like to remove the skin of bluefish and the underlying darkly colored bloodline just beneath it, as these can have strong flavors that some guests do not appreciate. It also helps to remove some of the toxins that are a concern with bluefish, as they tend to aggregate just under the skin. Orange-Scented Bluefish has 227.0 calories. Orange-Scented Bluefish has 29.0 grams of protein. Orange-Scented Bluefish has 9.0 grams of fat. Orange-Scented Bluefish has 85.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Orange-Scented Bluefish are One 1 1/4-pound skin-on bluefish fillet, soaked in Fish Brine, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, Finely shredded zest of 1 orange.Bluefish is remarkably delicious and versatile. It is wonderful on the grill, its fatty richness complemented by the flavor of wood smoke. That richness ("oiliness" to the minds of some) causes many people to shun bluefish and other similar ocean brethren. All I can say is, oh well, more for me. Here orange zest provides an acidic tang that helps to balance the flavors, and the slow, low heat of the smoldering wood cooks the fish without drying it out.  Citrus Fish Fruit Fourth of July Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Orange Seafood Summer Grill Brine Grill Barbecue Advance Prep Required Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.