Orecchiette with Cauliflower, Anchovies, and Fried Croutons recipe.  Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss cauliflower florets with 1 tablespoon olive oil in large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet. Roast until cauliflower florets are tender and beginning to brown in spots, stirring occasionally, about 25 minutes. Cool to room temperature. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling generously salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta, reserving 1 1/3 cups pasta cooking liquid. Set pasta and cooking liquid aside separately. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in large deep nonstick skillet or large pot over medium-high heat. Add bread cubes and sauté until golden brown and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to small bowl and cool. Reserve skillet or pot. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to same skillet or pot and heat over medium-high heat. Add zucchini and garlic and sauté until zucchini is golden brown and crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add cauliflower and anchovies and sauté until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add drained pasta, reserved 1 1/3 cups pasta cooking liquid, remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1/3 cup parsley, 1/3 cup Parmesan, and Pecorino Romano cheese and toss to coat. Season pasta to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Divide pasta among 6 bowls; sprinkle with fried croutons, remaining parsley, and additional Parmesan cheese and serve. The ingredients of Orecchiette with Cauliflower, Anchovies, and Fried Croutons are 1 large head of cauliflower (28 to 30 ounces), trimmed, cut into 1-inch florets, 8 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 pound orecchiette (little ear-shaped pasta) or medium-size shell pasta, 1 1/2 cups 1/3-inch cubes crusty country-style bread, 3 medium zucchini, trimmed, cut into 1/3-inch cubes (about 3 cups), 3 large garlic cloves, chopped, 7 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, divided, 1/3 cup (packed) freshly grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese.The croutons found their way into this dish thanks to the frugality of Italian cooks. "Puglians don't throw anything out," says Donatella. "Any leftover bread is used in the pasta.".  Cheese Pasta Fry Roast Sauté High Fiber Dinner Parmesan Cauliflower Zucchini Anchovy Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.