Orecchiette with Squash, Chiles, and Hazelnuts recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread out hazelnuts on a small rimmed baking sheet and toast, tossing occasionally, until golden, about 6 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop; set aside. Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente about 5 minutes for fresh pasta). Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add squash and cook, tossing occasionally, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, just until garlic begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Immediately add 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid to keep garlic from burning; reduce heat to low and gradually add butter, swirling skillet and adding more pasta cooking liquid as needed, until a thick, glossy sauce forms. Add pasta to skillet with squash and sauce and toss to coat. Add lemon juice, 1/4 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons mint, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes and toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Serve pasta topped with reserved hazelnuts, more Parmesan, and remaining 2 tablespoons mint. DO AHEAD: Hazelnuts can be toasted 5 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. The ingredients of Orecchiette with Squash, Chiles, and Hazelnuts are 1/4 cup blanched hazelnuts, 12 ounces fresh orecchiette or other fresh or dried small pasta, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 small butternut squash, peeled, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 2 cups), 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, divided, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan plus more for serving, 4 tablespoons torn fresh mint leaves, divided, Freshly ground pepper.There are two hits of chile in this dish. It's used early on to infuse the oil, where it mellows. The sprinkle added at the end is more "precocious," says Krajeck. "It's not in every bite, but when it hits you, it makes a big impact.".  Pasta Roast Dinner Squash Butternut Squash Fall Hazelnut Advance Prep Required Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.