Orecchiette with Rabbit, Tomato, and Basil Sauce recipe. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until tender and golden, about 5 minutes. Add chopped rabbit; sauté until light brown, about 4 minutes. Add wine and boil until slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Stir in chopped tomatoes, crushed tomatoes, 1 cup basil, crushed red pepper, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until sauce thickens slightly, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Season sauce generously with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Return pasta to pot. Add sauce; toss to coat. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup basil and Parmesan cheese. Orecchiette with Rabbit, Tomato, and Basil Sauce has 1149.0 calories. Orecchiette with Rabbit, Tomato, and Basil Sauce has 86.0 grams of protein. Orecchiette with Rabbit, Tomato, and Basil Sauce has 38.0 grams of fat. Orecchiette with Rabbit, Tomato, and Basil Sauce has 520.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Orecchiette with Rabbit, Tomato, and Basil Sauce are 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 2 3/4- to 3-pound rabbit, cut into pieces, meat finely chopped, or 1 pound finely chopped skinless boneless chicken thigh meat, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 pound plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes with added puree, 1 1/2 cups chopped fresh basil (from about 3 large bunches), 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 pound orecchiette (little ear-shaped pasta), Freshly grated Parmesan cheese.This hearty entrée is made with rabbit, which can be found in the frozen foods section of some supermarkets or ordered from your butcher. You can also substitute chicken thighs. The "little ear" shape of the pasta is perfect for trapping the sauce.  Game Onion Pasta Tomato Sauté Basil White Wine Bon Appétit.