Orzo with Shrimp, Feta Cheese, and White Wine recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush 11x7-inch glass baking dish with oil. Cook orzo according to package directions. Drain well and return orzo to same pot. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/4 cup feta cheese, Parmesan cheese, and 2 tablespoons basil; stir to blend. Arrange orzo mixture in prepared dish. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and sauté until slightly pink, about 2 minutes shrimp will not be cooked through). Arrange shrimp atop orzo. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to same skillet. Add garlic and sauté over medium-high heat 30 seconds. Add tomatoes with juice; cook 1 minute. Stir in wine, oregano, crushed red pepper, and remaining 1/4 cup basil. Simmer uncovered until reduced to thick sauce consistency, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper; spoon over shrimp. Bake orzo until heated through, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 3/4 cup feta cheese and serve. Orzo with Shrimp, Feta Cheese, and White Wine has 422.0 calories. Orzo with Shrimp, Feta Cheese, and White Wine has 21.0 grams of protein. Orzo with Shrimp, Feta Cheese, and White Wine has 22.0 grams of fat. Orzo with Shrimp, Feta Cheese, and White Wine has 732.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Orzo with Shrimp, Feta Cheese, and White Wine are 8 ounces orzo (rice-shaped pasta), 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper.Donna Knowlton of Atlanta, Georgia, writes: "As the oldest of five children growing up in rural West Virginia, I was always helping in the kitchen. Today I mostly cook pasta and seafood dishes because they're so easy. My husband is a doctor and works long hours, but we still like sharing a meal at the end of the day. I don't want to be in the kitchen late at night making something complicated, so I rely on dishes that can be ready in minutes.".  Pasta Tomato Bake Sauté Feta Parmesan Shrimp Bon Appétit Atlanta Georgia.