Osso Buco-style Halibut and Whipped Potatoes with Herbs recipe. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, celery, carrot and garlic; sauté until brown, about 10 minutes. Add tomato paste and cook 2 minutes. Add white wine and simmer until liquid is reduced by half, scraping up browned bits, about 5 minutes. Add next 7 ingredients; simmer until mixture is reduced to 3 cups, about 50 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 350°F. Sprinkle halibut with salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add fish to skillet and cook until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer fish to plate. Pour off oil from skillet. Reduce heat to low. Add balsamic vinegar to skillet; simmer 1 minute. Add sauce. Whisk in butter. Season with salt and pepper. Pour sauce into 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Place fish atop sauce in dish. Bake until fish is opaque in center, about 10 minutes. Divide potatoes among 6 plates. Top potatoes with fish and sauce. Sprinkle with Gremolata and serve immediately. *Available at Asian markets and in the produce section of some supermarkets. Osso Buco-style Halibut and Whipped Potatoes with Herbs has 296.0 calories. Osso Buco-style Halibut and Whipped Potatoes with Herbs has 31.0 grams of protein. Osso Buco-style Halibut and Whipped Potatoes with Herbs has 11.0 grams of fat. Osso Buco-style Halibut and Whipped Potatoes with Herbs has 776.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Osso Buco-style Halibut and Whipped Potatoes with Herbs are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 medium onion, chopped, 3/4 cup chopped celery, 3/4 cup chopped peeled carrot, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cup white wine, 4 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup crushed tomatoes in puree (from 15-ounce can), 1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1/3 cup chopped lemongrass* (from about 3 stalks), 1/4 cup soy sauce, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 6 5-ounce halibut fillets, Cayenne pepper, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, Whipped Potatoes with Herbs, Gremolata.Osso buco is a traditional Italian dish of veal shanks simmered in a pungent tomato sauce and topped with gremolata. Ming Tsai's clever version is made with fish.  Tomato Bake Vinegar Orange Halibut White Wine Spring Lemongrass Soy Sauce Simmer Bon Appétit.