Pain au Chocolat Bread Pudding with Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce recipe.  In a large baking pan dry bread, uncovered, at room temperature 12 hours. Alternatively, dry bread in a 250°F oven 1 hour.) Butter a 1 1/2-quart shallow baking dish. Chop chocolate. In a food processor finely chop cranberries. Arrange half of bread in one layer in baking dish and sprinkle evenly with half of chocolate and all of cranberries. Top mixture with remaining bread. In a bowl whisk together eggs, sugar, milk, 1/2 cup cream, vanilla, and salt and pour slowly and evenly over bread. Cut butter into bits and dot pudding with it. Chill pudding, covered, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake pudding in middle of oven until slightly puffed and golden, about 40 minutes. In a small metal bowl set over a small saucepan of barely simmering water melt remaining chocolate and whisk in remaining 1/4 cup cream and a pinch salt until combined well. Keep sauce warm, covered. Serve pudding warm or at room temperature with sauce. Pain au Chocolat Bread Pudding with Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce has 515.0 calories. Pain au Chocolat Bread Pudding with Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce has 9.0 grams of protein. Pain au Chocolat Bread Pudding with Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce has 28.0 grams of fat. Pain au Chocolat Bread Pudding with Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce has 297.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pain au Chocolat Bread Pudding with Cranberries and Chocolate Sauce are 6 cups lightly packed bite-size pieces croissant (from about eight 5 1/2-inch croissants), 6 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), 1 1/2 cups fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries, 3 large eggs, 3/4 cup sugar, 1 1/3 cups milk, 3/4 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter.This dish was inspired by pain au chocolat, a chocolate-stuffed croissant that is adored by both children and adults in France. Cranberries have been added-perfect for a Christmas brunch.  Berry Chocolate Dairy Egg Dessert Bake Winter Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.