Pan con Tomate' y Anchoa—Garlic, Olive Oil, and Fresh Tomato on Toasted Bread recipe. With a coarse grater held over a bowl grate the tomatoes down to the skin. Pour off any excess liquid. Add the garlic, olive oil, and salt to taste the mixture should be well seasoned). Let sit for a few minutes to meld flavors. Lightly toast the split bread and drizzle with olive oil. Pour the tomato mixture into a serving bowl and arrange the bread and anchovies, if using, on plates. Let each guest spread the tomato mixture on the bread and top it off with one or two anchovy fillets. The ingredients of Pan con Tomate' y Anchoa—Garlic, Olive Oil, and Fresh Tomato on Toasted Bread are 1 1/2 pounds very ripe and flavorful tomatoes, preferably plum tomatoes, split in halves crosswise, 2 large garlic cloves, mashed to a paste, 4 tablespoons best-quality fruity extra virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher or sea salt, Good-quality French-style loaf, split in half and halves cut into 4-inch lengths, 8 to 16 best-quality anchovy fillets, preferably jarred, optional.Nothing could be more simple and down to earth than this tapa, but its appeal is universal. It originated in Catalunya, but can now be found all over Spain. In fact, I will never forget a breakfast of exceptional pan con tomate and steaming café con leche at an outdoor café overlooking the mountains of Granada in Galera, a town of cave dwellings. The recipe that follows has the advantage of last-minute assemblage, so the bread doesn't get soggy. Since ingredients are few, it goes without saying that the very best tomatoes, extra virgin olive oil, and anchovies are essential. If last-minute preparation is not a problem, I suggest the even simpler traditional method of toasting the bread, rubbing it with a cut clove of garlic, then rubbing with a cut tomato, squeezing the tomato gently as you rub. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with salt.  Bread Garlic Tomato Breakfast Anchovy Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.