Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth recipe. Discard any bruised or wilted outer leaves from bok choy, then cut leaves from stalks, keeping leaves and stalks separate. Thinly slice leaves and cut stalks diagonally into 1/2-inch-wide slices. Halve carrot lengthwise and cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then stir-fry bok choy stalks, carrot, and ginger 1 minute. Stir in Sherry, broth, and sugar and simmer, covered, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cut scallions crosswise into 2-inch pieces, then halve lengthwise and cut into very thin matchsticks. Add bok choy leaves and scallions to carrot mixture and simmer, covered, until vegetables are tender, 3 to 5 minutes. While vegetables simmer, pat fish dry and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Stir together cornstarch and curry powder, then rub into skin of each fillet. Halve each fillet diagonally with a sharp knife. Stir sesame oil, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper into vegetable mixture and keep warm, uncovered, on turned-off burner. Heat remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook fish, skin sides down, gently pressing occasionally with a metal spatula to keep skin flat), until skin is golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn fish over and cook until just cooked through, about 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Divide broth and vegetables among 4 shallow bowls and stack 2 fish halves, skin sides up, in center of each bowl. Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth has 250.0 calories. Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth has 26.0 grams of protein. Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth has 13.0 grams of fat. Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth has 961.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pan-Seared Fish Fillets in Ginger Broth are 1/4 lb Shanghai bok choy (about 3 small heads), 1 medium carrot, 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 (1 1/2-inch) piece peeled fresh ginger, cut into very thin matchsticks, 1/4 cup medium-dry Sherry, 2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (16 fl ounces), 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 scallions, 4 (4- to 5-ounce) sea bass or striped bass fillets with skin, pin bones removed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, Garnish: fresh cilantro leaves.The stacking and Asian fusion of this dish is very 1990s. But don't worry about its trendiness: Heady wallops of curry and ginger make this beautiful preparation timeless.  Ginger Quick & Easy Dinner Bass Curry Sherry Pan-Fry Bok Choy Gourmet.