Panang Vegetable Curry recipe. Heat oil in a large heavy wide pot over medium heat. Add shallots, Panang Curry Paste , and ginger; stir until shallots begin to soften, 2-3 minutes. Add 1/3 cup coconut milk; stir until browned, about 4 minutes. Add remaining 2 cups coconut milk, 1 1/2 cups vegetable stock, lime leaves, and chiles; stir to blend, scraping up browned bits. Add kabocha squash to pot, set on sides so all pieces fit in a single layer. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until squash is almost tender, 15-20 minutes. Remove squash from pot; stir in cauliflower, carrots, and peppers. Return squash to pot, placing on top of vegetables; cook until all vegetables are tender, 10-15 minutes. Transfer squash to a plate. Stir tamarind concentrate, half of basil, fish sauce, and lime juice into pot; add tofu. Cover and simmer until heated through, about 2 minutes, adding more stock if too thick. Season to taste with salt. Divide curry among bowls; top each with 1 wedge of squash; sprinkle remaining basil and peanuts over. Serve curry with steamed jasmine rice. Panang Vegetable Curry has 418.0 calories. Panang Vegetable Curry has 14.0 grams of protein. Panang Vegetable Curry has 24.0 grams of fat. Panang Vegetable Curry has 468.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Panang Vegetable Curry are 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large shallots, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons Panang Curry Paste, 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger, 2 1/3 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk, divided, 1 1/2 cups (or more) vegetable stock, 8 fresh or frozen kaffir lime leaves, 2 dried chiles de árbol, 1 4-pound kabocha squash, cut into 8 wedges, seeded, or 2 acorn squash, quartered, seeded, 1 small head of cauliflower (about 1 1/2 pounds), cored, broken into 1"-2" florets, 1 pound carrots, peeled, cut on a diagonal into 1/2" slices, 2 red bell peppers, cut into 1/2" squares, 1/4 cup liquid tamarind concentrate or 2 tablespoons tamarind paste mixed with 2 tablespoons water, 1/2 cup thinly sliced fresh basil, divided, 2 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam), 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 12-ounce package firm tofu, drained, patted dry, cut into 1" cubes, Kosher salt, 1/4 cup chopped peanuts, Steamed jasmine rice, Ingredient info: Unsweetened coconut milk, chiles de árbol, and fish sauce are sold at better supermarkets. Kaffir lime leaves and tamarind concentrate can be found at Southeast Asian markets..Homemade Panang Curry Paste is the spicy backbone of this velvety vegetarian curry from southern Thailand. Serve it with bowls of jasmine rice for a hearty lunch or dinner.  Vegetarian Dinner Coconut Tofu Curry Cauliflower Squash Fall Winter Healthy Potluck Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added.