Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup & Coffee Butter recipe. In a medium bowl, whisk the pancake mix, flour, milk, eggs, and melted butter together until smooth. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, and as long as overnight. Put the coffee in a small saucepan, bring to a simmer over medium heat, and cook until reduced by about half. Remove from the heat and cool completely. Put 4 tablespoons of the softened butter in a small bowl and whisk in the cooled reduced coffee until completely incorporated. Set aside until ready to serve. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter on a pancake griddle or heavy skillet over medium-low heat. Add the batter by 1/4-cup amounts to make 4- to 5-inch pancakes and cook until bubbles appear on the surface and the bottoms are browned and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the pancakes and continue cooking until browned on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a plate in a low oven to keep warm until ready to serve. Continue with the remaining batter, adding the remaining butter as needed. To serve, put 3 warm pancakes on each plate. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon of the coffee butter and some warm syrup, garnish with the fruit, and serve immediately. Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup & Coffee Butter has 240.0 calories. Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup & Coffee Butter has 6.0 grams of protein. Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup & Coffee Butter has 14.0 grams of fat. Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup & Coffee Butter has 378.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup & Coffee Butter are 2 cups high-quality store-bought pancake mix (such as Robby's pancake mix), 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1/2 cup brewed coffee, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Pure maple syrup, warmed, for serving, Sliced fresh strawberries or blueberries, sprinkled with sugar, for serving.If I entered a competitive-eating contest, it'd be one for pancakes. I like mine crispy edged, yet soft and tender inside. After years of tinkering, I've found that the best way to get this texture is to start with a fresh pancake batter, but you don't even have to make it yourself. (I love the buttermilk-based Robby's pancake mix available at RobbysPancakeMix.com or Amazon.) If you can, let the batter sit overnight in the refrigerator to hydrate and swell—that extra time makes for the fluffiest pancakes, I promise you. I love the play of the sweet maple syrup with the creamy, slightly bitter nature of the coffee butter in this recipe.  Coffee Breakfast Brunch Fall Spring Summer Winter Butter Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.