Panfried Pressed Poussins recipe.  Cut out backbones from birds with kitchen shears. Pat birds dry, then spread flat, skin sides up, on a cutting board. Cut a 1/2-inch slit on each side of each bird in center of triangle of skin between thighs and breasts near drumstick), then tuck bottom knob of drumstick through each slit. Tuck wing tips under breasts. Sprinkle birds on both sides with sea salt and pepper. Heat butter in 10-inch cast-iron or heavy nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides. Add birds, skin sides down, and cover with parchment round and second skillet, then top with weights. Cook birds until skin is browned, about 15 minutes. Turn birds over, cover with parchment round, skillet, and weights, then cook until just cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes more. Transfer birds to a platter, discarding parchment, and cover loosely with foil. Add stock to skillet and deglaze by boiling over high heat, stirring and scraping up brown bits, until reduced to about 1/2 cup, about 5 minutes. Skim fat from surface. Halve birds lengthwise and serve each half drizzled with pan juices. Panfried Pressed Poussins has 207.0 calories. Panfried Pressed Poussins has 11.0 grams of protein. Panfried Pressed Poussins has 17.0 grams of fat. Panfried Pressed Poussins has 578.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Panfried Pressed Poussins are 2 (1 1/4- to 1 1/2-pound) poussins or Cornish game hens, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3/4 cup chicken stock or broth, Accompaniment: fresh tomato and onion chutney, Special equipment: kitchen shears; 2 (10-inch) heavy skillets (one preferably well-seasoned cast-iron or heavy nonstick); a 10-inch round of parchment paper; 5 to 6 pounds of weights such as 3 (28- to 32-ounces) cans of tomatoes.In this recipe, based on a dish from the Republic of Georgia called tabaka, small chickens are flattened and weighted so they cook evenly and quickly. We call for poussins or Cornish game hens, but the same technique works well with a frying chicken.  Poultry Fall Pan-Fry Gourmet.