Pappardelle with Chicken and Mushroom Ragù recipe.  Pulse mushrooms and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Season chicken with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until just golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Reduce heat to medium and cook onion, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add mushroom mixture, rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring constantly, until beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add vinegar and cook until evaporated. Add chicken and tomatoes with juice), then simmer, breaking up tomatoes with a spoon and stirring occasionally, until sauce is just thickened, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cook pappardelle in a pasta pot of boiling salted water 2 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) until al dente. Add arugula to sauce and stir until wilted. Stir in drained pasta and cook 1 minute. Pappardelle with Chicken and Mushroom Ragù has 504.0 calories. Pappardelle with Chicken and Mushroom Ragù has 27.0 grams of protein. Pappardelle with Chicken and Mushroom Ragù has 38.0 grams of fat. Pappardelle with Chicken and Mushroom Ragù has 359.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pappardelle with Chicken and Mushroom Ragù are 6 ounces cremini mushrooms, 3 garlic cloves, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 1/4 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 small onion, chopped, 3/4 teaspoon chopped rosemary, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, 1/2 pound dried pappardelle, 5 ounces baby arugula (about 8 cups), Accompaniment: Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano.Cremini mushrooms give added meaty depth to flavorful (yet inexpensive) chicken thighs in a rustic but light ragù.  Chicken Mushroom Pasta Tomato Quick & Easy Father's Day Dinner Fall Family Reunion Gourmet Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.