Parmesan Thumbprint Cookies with Tomato-Tart Cherry Jam recipe. To make the jam, heat the olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring often, until tender and aromatic but not browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato, dried cherries, water, thyme, and salt and continue cooking until the cherries are plumped and the tomatoes are soft, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Let cool, then puree the jam in the food processor, adding a bit more water as needed to achieve a texture a bit thinner than applesauce. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Combine the flour and Parmesan cheese in a food processor and pulse until the cheese is finely ground and well blended with the flour. Add the butter and cream cheese and pulse just until a cohesive dough forms, scraping down the sides as needed; avoid overmixing. Form the dough into 24 balls about 1 1/4 inches in diameter and set them on the baking sheet about 1 inch apart. Press your thumb into the center of each ball to make an indentation it's normal for the edges to crack a bit, but you can gently pinch together any particularly large cracks). Fill each indentation with some of the jam, about 1/2 teaspoon each. Bake the cookies until firm and nicely browned around the edges, 30 to 35 minutes. Because this dough is a bit dense, be sure the cookies are thoroughly cooked, beyond just a light golden brown. If you pull them out too soon they may still be a bit underdone in the center. You can always snag one from the tray and break it in two to check—a snack for the cook. Let cool slightly on the baking sheets, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Arrange the cookies on a platter for serving, or store in an airtight container for up to 2 days. Parmesan Thumbprint Cookies with Tomato-Tart Cherry Jam has 106.0 calories. Parmesan Thumbprint Cookies with Tomato-Tart Cherry Jam has 3.0 grams of protein. Parmesan Thumbprint Cookies with Tomato-Tart Cherry Jam has 7.0 grams of fat. Parmesan Thumbprint Cookies with Tomato-Tart Cherry Jam has 127.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Parmesan Thumbprint Cookies with Tomato-Tart Cherry Jam are 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons minced shallot or onion, 1 cup finely chopped seeded tomato, 1/2 cup dried tart cherries, 1/4 cup water, plus more if needed, 3/4 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, or 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt or flaky or coarse sea salt, 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 3/4 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1/2 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt or flaky or coarse sea salt.This harkens to those beloved jam-filled cookies that have been favorites in cookie jars for generations. This savory twist embellishes the dough with Parmesan cheese, the jam in question made with tomato and tart cherries. The jam recipe makes more than is needed for this batch of cookies, but it's not practical to make in smaller quantities. Extra will keep well in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. Spread it on turkey or ham sandwiches, slather it on chicken breasts before baking, or serve as an accompaniment to cheese. You can use dried cranberries in place of the dried tart cherries, if you like.  Cookies Cheese Dairy Fruit Tomato Bake Cocktail Party Picnic Super Bowl Parmesan Cherry Party Advance Prep Required.