Parsley-Root Soup with Truffled Chestnuts recipe. Cook onion and garlic in butter in a large heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened and golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Add parsley root, thyme, bay leaf, white pepper, and 3/4 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until parsley root begins to soften, 8 to 10 minutes. Add water and broth and simmer, partially covered, until parsley root is very tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Discard thyme and bay leaf and stir in oil. Purée soup in batches in a blender until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids), transferring to a bowl. If soup is too thick, thin to desired consistency with water. Season with salt, then return to cleaned pot to keep warm, covered, until ready to serve. Shave chestnuts with an adjustable-blade slicer or sharp vegetable peeler as thinly as possible over each serving. Parsley-Root Soup with Truffled Chestnuts has 237.0 calories. Parsley-Root Soup with Truffled Chestnuts has 7.0 grams of protein. Parsley-Root Soup with Truffled Chestnuts has 14.0 grams of fat. Parsley-Root Soup with Truffled Chestnuts has 313.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Parsley-Root Soup with Truffled Chestnuts are 1 1/2 cups chopped onion (1 large), 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 pounds parsley root (about 4 1/2 pounds total with tops), tops discarded and root peeled and chopped, 3 (4- to 5-inch) sprigs thyme, 1 Turkish bay leaf or 1/2 California, 1/2 teaspoon white pepper, 6 cups water, 3 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 8 to 10 peeled roasted whole chestnuts (from a 7-ounce jar).Floating on the surface of this pale, silky soup, which tastes of the essence of parsley, is a trompe l'oeil surprise: What looks like shaved truffles is actually thinly sliced chestnuts, adding a nutty sweetness.  Soup Stew Blender Onion Sauté Thanksgiving Dinner Root Vegetable Fall Winter Thyme Chestnut Gourmet Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.