Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree recipe. Melt 3 tablespoons butter with oil in large pot over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Add parsnips, potatoes, and turnips; stir 4 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add broth; bring to boil. Cover; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to large bowl. Pour cooking broth into small bowl; reserve. Add cream cheese to vegetables. Using electric mixer, beat vegetables to smooth puree. Add 2 tablespoons butter-oil mixture from top of broth to vegetables. Stir in 2 tablespoons dill. Season with salt and pepper. Butter 11 x 7 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Transfer puree to prepared dish. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in small skillet over medium heat. Add panko and stir until golden brown, about 2 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool and store airtight at room temperature. Position rack in top third of oven; preheat to 350°F. Sprinkle panko mixture over vegetable puree. Bake until top is brown, about 15 minutes 25 minutes if chilled). Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons dill. Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree has 242.0 calories. Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree has 3.0 grams of protein. Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree has 12.0 grams of fat. Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree has 65.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Parsnip, Potato, and Turnip Puree are 6 tablespoons butter, divided, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/4 cups finely chopped onion, 1 1/2 pounds parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes, 1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes, 1 pound turnips, peeled, cut into 1/2- to 3/4-inch cubes, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 cups vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) cream cheese, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, divided, 1/2 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), Ingredient info: Panko can be found in the Asian foods section of many supermarkets..The technique: Pureeing means to grind or mash food until smooth. Here, potatoes, parsnips, and turnips are whipped into a creamy side dish.
The payoff: A slightly sweeter, more modern take on mashed potatoes.  Potato Side Bake Christmas Thanksgiving Vegetarian High Fiber Root Vegetable Parsnip Turnip Fall Christmas Eve Potluck Butter Bon Appétit Pescatarian Kosher.