Pasta with Tomatoes, Artichokes, and Feta Cheese recipe.  Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions, garlic, rosemary, and oregano. Sauté until onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Add diced tomatoes with juices, artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes, and olives. Simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Season sauce to taste with pepper. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Return pasta to same pot. Add sauce; toss over medium heat until sauce coats pasta, adding reserved cooking liquid by 1/4 cupfuls to moisten if pasta is dry. Mix in 3/4 cup cheese and 1/2 cup basil. Transfer pasta to bowl. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and 1/4 cup basil. Pasta with Tomatoes, Artichokes, and Feta Cheese has 681.0 calories. Pasta with Tomatoes, Artichokes, and Feta Cheese has 23.0 grams of protein. Pasta with Tomatoes, Artichokes, and Feta Cheese has 29.0 grams of fat. Pasta with Tomatoes, Artichokes, and Feta Cheese has 637.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pasta with Tomatoes, Artichokes, and Feta Cheese are 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 14 1/2-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 8-ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, hearts cut in half, 1/2 cup chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, 1/3 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives, 12 ounces linguine, 1 7-ounce package crumbled feta cheese (about 1 1/3 cups), 3/4 cup chopped fresh basil."For me, cooking is a very relaxing and creative process — I just wish I had more time for it," writes Katherine Burk of Seattle, Washington. "I make a point of fixing dinner during the week, but with my hectic schedule (I work in information technology), there are some nights I'm too wiped out to attempt anything more complicated than a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Usually, though, I can put something together in under thirty minutes.".  Cheese Pasta Tomato Sauté Vegetarian Summer Bon Appétit Seattle Washington.