Pasta with Greens, Goat Cheese and Raisins recipe.  Combine raisins and lemon juice in small bowl. Set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-low heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add Swiss chard, beet greens and raisin mixture. Cover and cook until greens wilt, about 5 minutes. Mix in ginger and lemon peel. Season greens to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Return pasta to pot. Toss pasta with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add greens and goat cheese. Toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer pasta to large bowl and serve. Pasta with Greens, Goat Cheese and Raisins has 1047.0 calories. Pasta with Greens, Goat Cheese and Raisins has 46.0 grams of protein. Pasta with Greens, Goat Cheese and Raisins has 47.0 grams of fat. Pasta with Greens, Goat Cheese and Raisins has 267.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pasta with Greens, Goat Cheese and Raisins are 1/3 cup golden raisins, 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 cups finely chopped red onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 bunch red or green Swiss chard (about 12 ounces), stems trimmed, leaves coarsely chopped, 1 bunch beet greens (about 6 ounces), stems trimmed, leaves coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 1/2 tablespoons grated lemon peel, 1 pound orecchiette (little ear-shaped pasta), 5 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet).It used to be that beets were sent to the market without the greens, which had been discarded. Now both are sold, often separately. Your best bet is to buy beets that have the greens intact; that way, you can partner this unique sweet and savory pasta with the perfect side dish: roasted fresh beets.  Ginger Leafy Green Onion Pasta Vegetarian Quick & Easy High Fiber Goat Cheese Lemon Raisin Winter Healthy Chard Bon Appétit.