Pasta in Almond Garlic Sauce recipe. Purée blanched almonds and garlic with water and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Cook cavatappi in a pasta pot of boiling salted water 3 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) until almost al dente. Reserve 3 cups pasta-cooking water and drain pasta. Meanwhile, heat oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet preferably straight-sided) over medium heat until foam subsides. Add almond purée and simmer, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Add 2 1/2 cups reserved cooking water, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and simmer, whisking occasionally, until slightly thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk in remaining 2 tablespoons butter until melted. Add pasta and peas and cook, stirring occasionally, until pasta is al dente sauce will be thin), 2 to 3 minutes. Add cheese and lemon juice and stir until combined well. Remove from heat and stir in half of basil and mint and salt and pepper to taste. Serve pasta in bowls topped with chopped almonds, remaining herbs, and additional cheese. Pasta in Almond Garlic Sauce has 464.0 calories. Pasta in Almond Garlic Sauce has 17.0 grams of protein. Pasta in Almond Garlic Sauce has 22.0 grams of fat. Pasta in Almond Garlic Sauce has 180.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pasta in Almond Garlic Sauce are 3/4 cup whole blanched almonds (4 ounces), 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 3/4 cup water, 1 pound cavatappi or other small tubular pasta, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoon unsalted butter, divided, 1 (10-ounces) package frozen peas, 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano plus additional for serving, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/2 cup basil leaves (torn if large), divided, 1/3 cup mint leaves (torn if large), divided, 1/3 cup chopped roasted almonds (2 ounces).You'll be shocked at how light yet satisfying this pasta is—it's finished in a fast garlicky almond sauce, studded with peas, and topped with chopped roasted almonds.  Garlic Pasta Vegetarian Quick & Easy Dinner Parmesan Basil Almond Pea Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.