Pasta "Rags" with a Thousand Herbs recipe.  If using fresh pasta, cut sheets into roughly 4- by 1-inch pieces with pastry wheel, then lightly dust with flour and arrange in 1 layer on paper-towel-lined large baking sheets. Let pasta dry until leathery but still pliable, 5 to 30 minutes. If using no-boil lasagne, break sheets into large pieces about 4 by 1 inch). Cut an X in bottom of each tomato with a sharp paring knife and blanch tomatoes in a 3-quart saucepan of boiling water 10 seconds. Transfer tomatoes with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water and cool. Peel off skin, beginning from scored end, with a paring knife and discard. Halve tomatoes and discard seeds, then cut tomatoes into 1/4-inch dice. Stir together oil and herbs in a large bowl. Cook pasta in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until al dente, 1 to 2 minutes for fresh pasta time for dried pasta may vary). Drain, then toss with herb mixture. Add tomatoes, salt, pepper, and cheese and toss again. Season with salt and serve immediately, with additional cheese. Pasta "Rags" with a Thousand Herbs has 633.0 calories. Pasta "Rags" with a Thousand Herbs has 19.0 grams of protein. Pasta "Rags" with a Thousand Herbs has 22.0 grams of fat. Pasta "Rags" with a Thousand Herbs has 264.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pasta "Rags" with a Thousand Herbs are 1 lb fresh pasta sheets or 3/4 lb no-boil lasagne sheets, Flour for dusting pasta dough (if using), 3/4 lb plum tomatoes (about 4 large), 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh marjoram, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1 oz finely grated Pecorino Romano (1/2 cup) plus additional for serving, Special equipment: a scalloped pastry wheel, Accompaniment: extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling.Stracci di Pasta Alle Mille Erbe.  Cheese Herb Pasta Tomato Quick & Easy Gourmet.