Pasta with Sausage, Eggplant and Basil recipe.  Toss eggplant with 1 tablespoon salt in large colander. Place over bowl and let stand 30 minutes. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add eggplant; saut  until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook meatballs until brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer meatballs to paper-towel-lined plate. Wipe out skillet. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add tomatoes, garlic and chilies; sauté until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add meatballs, broth and cream. Simmer until meatballs are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add eggplant and simmer 1 minute. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain. Transfer to large bowl. Toss pasta with sauce and 1 cup Parmesan cheese. Mix in basil and pine nuts. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve pasta, passing additional Parmesan cheese separately. Pasta with Sausage, Eggplant and Basil has 828.0 calories. Pasta with Sausage, Eggplant and Basil has 30.0 grams of protein. Pasta with Sausage, Eggplant and Basil has 59.0 grams of fat. Pasta with Sausage, Eggplant and Basil has 1823.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pasta with Sausage, Eggplant and Basil are 1 large eggplant, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 tablespoon salt, 7 tablespoons olive oil, 1 3/4 pounds spicy Italian sausages, casings removed, meat shaped into 1 1/4-inch meatballs (about 46), 1 pound cherry tomatoes, halved, 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 1/2 serrano chilies, seeded, finely chopped (about 1 tablespoon), 1 1/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 2/3 cup whipping cream, 1 pound cavatapi or penne pasta, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup (lightly packed) fresh basil leaves, torn into 1/2-inch pieces, 2/3 cup pine nuts, toasted, Additional grated Parmesan cheese.This zippy pasta features the best of Italy accented with Mexican serrano chilies. A Zinfandel or Italian Barolo is the right wine.  Dairy Herb Pasta Pork Sauté Basil Sausage Eggplant Spring Family Reunion Potluck Bon Appétit.