Patricia Wells's Cobb Salad: Iceberg, Tomato, Avocado, Bacon, and Blue Cheese recipe.  In a large, dry skillet, brown the bacon over moderate heat until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to several layers of paper towels to absorb the fat. Blot the top of the bacon with several layers of paper towels to absorb any additional fat. Set aside. In a large, shallow bowl, combine the bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, cheese, and spring onions. Toss with just enough dressing to lightly and evenly coat the ingredients. Season generously with pepper, and serve. Patricia Wells's Cobb Salad: Iceberg, Tomato, Avocado, Bacon, and Blue Cheese has 326.0 calories. Patricia Wells's Cobb Salad: Iceberg, Tomato, Avocado, Bacon, and Blue Cheese has 13.0 grams of protein. Patricia Wells's Cobb Salad: Iceberg, Tomato, Avocado, Bacon, and Blue Cheese has 25.0 grams of fat. Patricia Wells's Cobb Salad: Iceberg, Tomato, Avocado, Bacon, and Blue Cheese has 676.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Patricia Wells's Cobb Salad: Iceberg, Tomato, Avocado, Bacon, and Blue Cheese are 2 1/2 ounces smoked bacon, rind removed, cut into matchsticks (3/4 cup), 1 head iceberg lettuce, chopped (4 cups), 2 ripe heirloom tomatoes, cored, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 large ripe avocado, halved, pitted, peeled, and cubed, 4 ounces chilled blue cheese (preferably Roquefort), crumbled (1 cup), 4 small spring onions or scallions, white part only, trimmed, peeled, and cut into thin rounds, Yogurt and Lemon Dressing, Coarse, freshly ground black pepper.Robert H. Cobb, owner of the Brown Derby restaurant in Hollywood, is said to have invented this salad in the 1930s as a late-night snack for himself. No wonder it has remained an American classic. With the crunch of the iceberg and onions, the soft richness of the avocado, the saltiness of the bacon, the sweetness of the tomato, and the bite of the blue cheese, this salad has it all! And it is beautiful to boot.  Salad Cheese Tomato Quick & Easy Dinner Lunch Blue Cheese Bacon Avocado Spring Summer Healthy Lettuce Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.