Peach-Blueberry Ice Cream Pie recipe. Finely grind cookies in a food processor you should have about 1 1/3 cups). Transfer crumbs to a medium bowl. Add butter and cream; stir to coat. Press firmly onto bottom and up sides of a 9" pie dish. Chill until firm, at least 30 minutes. Toss 1 3/4 cups blueberries, sugar, and lemon juice in a medium bowl; let macerate at room temperature for at least 1 hour. Transfer blueberry mixture to a large heavy saucepan and cook over medium heat until berries soften and juices are released, 10-15 minutes. Strain berries through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Cover and chill juices and berries separately until cold. Mix softened ice cream with chilled cooked blueberries. Scrape ice cream mixture into crust; smooth top. Freeze until firm, at least 6 hours. DO AHEAD: Pie can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep frozen. Soften pie in refrigerator for 10 minutes before serving. Top with whipped cream; scatter remaining 1/4 cup fresh blueberries over. Garnish with ginger. Drizzle each slice with reserved blueberry juices. Peach-Blueberry Ice Cream Pie has 305.0 calories. Peach-Blueberry Ice Cream Pie has 3.0 grams of protein. Peach-Blueberry Ice Cream Pie has 13.0 grams of fat. Peach-Blueberry Ice Cream Pie has 143.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peach-Blueberry Ice Cream Pie are 6 ounces gingersnap cookies, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 2 cups fresh blueberries, divided, 1/3 cup sugar, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 pint peach ice cream, softened in refrigerator for 20 minutes, 2 cups whipped cream (made from 1 cup heavy cream), 1/4 cup chopped crystallized ginger.The only trick to this fruit-flecked pie created by Sweet Rose Creamery in Santa Monica, CA, is making sure it gets 6 hours in the freezer to firm up.  Milk Cream Dairy Ginger Dessert Freeze Chill Fourth of July Kid-Friendly Frozen Dessert Blueberry Summer Birthday Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.