Peach or Nectarine Chutney recipe.  Combine all the ingredients in a deep pot, and bring to a boil. Moderate the heat, and reduce for as long as an hour, until all the excess liquid boils away and what remains is thick and jamlike in texture. Be sure to taste the chutney at several points, and adjust the seasonings to your preference. Chutney should be deeply flavored and complex, with at least a bit of spicy heat. If you like the bright taste of green chilies, add more minced jalapeños during the last 10 minutes of cooking. Ladle the hot chutney into four prepared pint jars, leaving 1/4 inch headspace. Seal, and process in a boiling-water bath for 10 minutes. Allow to cure for a month before eating. Peach or Nectarine Chutney has 397.0 calories. Peach or Nectarine Chutney has 3.0 grams of protein. Peach or Nectarine Chutney has 2.0 grams of fat. Peach or Nectarine Chutney has 8.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peach or Nectarine Chutney are 5 pounds yellow peaches or nectarines, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 3 cups organic or turbinado sugar, 2 cups apple-cider vinegar, 3/4 cup raisins, 1 cup chopped Vidalia onion, 1 sweet banana pepper or 1/2 yellow bell pepper, diced, 2 or 3 fresh green jalapeños, diced, or adjust to taste, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger root, 2 teaspoons freshly grated turmeric, or 1/2 teaspoon ground, 4 tablespoons mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon garam masala (a ground spice mixture containing pepper, cloves, cinnamon, cardamom, coriander, nutmeg, cumin, and star anise), 2 teaspoons Darjeeling tea (or 4 tea bags).When you're making preserves, fully 50 percent of your success is in the shopping—good fruit makes good jam. Technique matters also, and a sound recipe makes a difference. But the crucial remaining factor is organization. Especially when dealing with a large quantity of perishable fruits or vegetables, you have to think through your strategy and plot out your work. If you can't get everything put up immediately, you have to take into account how the produce will ripen—and soon fade—as it waits for you.  Condiment Spread Nectarine Peach Edible Gift Jalapeño.