Peaches and Raspberries in Ancho Syrup with Chile Threads recipe. Simmer chile in 2 cups water in a 1- to 2-quart saucepan, uncovered, turning over once or twice, until softened, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer chile to a cutting board and discard cooking liquid. When cool enough to handle, stem and seed chile, then carefully peel off skin in large pieces and reserve. Transfer chile pulp to cleaned saucepan and add sugar, 1/2 cup raspberries, a pinch of salt, and remaining cup water. Bring to a boil over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove syrup from heat and cover pan with lid, then let steep, covered, 20 minutes. While syrup is steeping, pat chile skin dry and cut skin into very fine threads with a sharp knife. Pour syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing gently on solids do not push solids through), then discard solids. Stir lemon juice into syrup. Halve peaches lengthwise, pit, and cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Divide, along with remaining cup raspberries, among 4 shallow bowls and spoon syrup over fruit. Sprinkle with some chile threads. Peaches and Raspberries in Ancho Syrup with Chile Threads has 163.0 calories. Peaches and Raspberries in Ancho Syrup with Chile Threads has 2.0 grams of protein. Peaches and Raspberries in Ancho Syrup with Chile Threads has 1.0 grams of fat. Peaches and Raspberries in Ancho Syrup with Chile Threads has 9.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peaches and Raspberries in Ancho Syrup with Chile Threads are 1 pliable dried ancho chile* (less than 1/2 oz), 3 cups water, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 1/2 cups fresh raspberries (6 oz), 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 firm-ripe large peaches (preferably freestone).A fruity flavor and mellow heat make ancho chile — poblano chile in its dried form — a delicious and unusual addition to the sweetness of ripe peaches and raspberries.  Pepper Dessert Quick & Easy Raspberry Peach Summer Vegan Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.