Peanut Butter Tart with Caramel-Peanut Glaze recipe. Blend first 3 ingredients in processor to combine. Add butter; using on/off turns, cut in until coarse meal forms. Add egg yolk, cream, and vanilla extract; process until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour and up to 1 day. Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 11-inch round. Transfer dough to 9-inch fluted tart pan with removable bottom. Fold in overhang to form double-thick sides. Pierce dough all over with fork; freeze 15 minutes. Bake crust until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool completely. Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.) Stir 1/3 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons cream, and butter in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Cool completely. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, peanut butter, and vanilla in medium bowl until smooth. Stir in brown sugar mixture. Using electric mixer, beat remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar and 1/4 cup cream in another medium bowl until peaks form. Fold into peanut butter mixture. Transfer to crust; smooth top with spatula. Chill until set, about 3 hours. Stir brown sugar, butter, 1/4 cup water, 2 tablespoons cream, and corn syrup in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until candy thermometer registers 238°F, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons cream and peanuts. Cool just to lukewarm, about 15 minutes. Pour glaze atop filling, smoothing with spatula. Chill tart until set, about 30 minutes. Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.) Cut into wedges and serve. Peanut Butter Tart with Caramel-Peanut Glaze has 446.0 calories. Peanut Butter Tart with Caramel-Peanut Glaze has 6.0 grams of protein. Peanut Butter Tart with Caramel-Peanut Glaze has 33.0 grams of fat. Peanut Butter Tart with Caramel-Peanut Glaze has 45.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peanut Butter Tart with Caramel-Peanut Glaze are 1 1/4 cups all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 large egg yolk, 2 teaspoons whipping cream, 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 3 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup chilled whipping cream, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, 3 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, 1/4 cup water, 4 tablespoons whipping cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 3/4 cup chopped lightly salted roasted peanuts.Christine Warren of New York, New York, writes: "On a recent evening out on the town, my friends and I decided to go for Margaritas at Zarela. What started out as drinks soon turned into appetizers and then dessert (a well-balanced meal, in our view). We loved the divine peanut butter tart.".  Milk Cream Food Processor Mixer Nut Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Cream Cheese Peanut Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.