Peanut Butter and Jelly Tart recipe. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Blend graham crackers, peanuts, and allspice in a food processor until nuts are coarsely ground. Transfer to a bowl, then add butter, stirring until crumbs are thoroughly moistened. Firmly press crumbs evenly over bottom and up sides of tart pan. Bake shell until firm, about 10 minutes. Cool completely in pan on a rack. Beat together cream cheese, peanut butter, and butter in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until fluffy, about 1 minute. Add brown sugar and beat until incorporated. Beat cream with vanilla in another bowl until it holds soft peaks, then fold into peanut butter mixture gently but thoroughly. Spread 1/3 cup jam onto bottom of tart shell with offset spatula. Spread peanut butter mixture on top with cleaned offset spatula. Chill tart, loosely covered with plastic wrap, until firm, at least 3 hours. Just before serving, stir grapes with remaining 1/2 cup jam with a rubber spatula until coated. Spoon over tart. Peanut Butter and Jelly Tart has 565.0 calories. Peanut Butter and Jelly Tart has 8.0 grams of protein. Peanut Butter and Jelly Tart has 40.0 grams of fat. Peanut Butter and Jelly Tart has 124.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peanut Butter and Jelly Tart are 12 (5- by 3-inch) graham crackers, coarsely crumbled, 1 cup salted roasted peanuts (2 1/2 oz), 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 4 oz cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 cup chilled heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup Concord grape jam (9 1/2 oz), 2 cups red and green seedless grapes, quartered lengthwise, Special equipment: an 8- by 11-inch rectangular or a 10-inch round fluted tart pan with a removable bottom; a small offset spatula. Milk Cream Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Cream Cheese Peanut Grape Jam or Jelly Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.