Pear and Cranberry Cobbler with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce recipe. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in lower third. Butter baking dish. Stir together pears, cranberries, sugar, orange zest, brandy and allspice in a large bowl. Transfer filling to baking dish and dot with butter. Cover dish tightly with foil and bake 20 minutes. Remove foil and continue to bake until cranberries burst and pears are just tender, 15 to 20 minutes more. Stir together flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl, then add 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons cream and stir just until a dough forms. Gather dough into a ball and transfer to a lightly floured surface dough will feel dense and heavy; don't worry.) Gently knead dough 6 times, then pat out into an 8-inch round about 1/3-inch thick). Cut out as many rounds as possible with lightly floured cutter, transferring to a sheet of wax paper. Gather scraps and pat out once more, then cut out more rounds. You will have about 16). Carefully but quickly, top hot fruit with biscuits, arranging in 1 layer. Brush biscuits with remaining tablespoon cream and sprinkle with sugar. Continue to bake cobbler until biscuits are puffed and golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool 15 minutes before serving and top with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce. Pear and Cranberry Cobbler with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce has 1943.0 calories. Pear and Cranberry Cobbler with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce has 21.0 grams of protein. Pear and Cranberry Cobbler with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce has 97.0 grams of fat. Pear and Cranberry Cobbler with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce has 1222.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pear and Cranberry Cobbler with Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce are 2 pounds firm Bartlett pears, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch wedges, 1 2/3 cups fresh cranberries (6 ounces), 1 cup sugar, 2 (1- by 3-inch) strips orange zest, finely chopped, 1/4 cup brandy, 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 cup heavy cream, divided, 1 teaspoon sugar, Citrus-Infused Custard Sauce, <special>Special equipment: 2- to 2 1/2-quart shallow baking dish (1 1/2 - to 2-inches deep); 2-inch round cookie cutter</special>.A cobbler is the easiest way to get to something similar to a pie—meltingly tender and juicy fruit with a crusty topping—without having to make, roll out, and crimp pie dough. Biscuit dough, in general, is easy and fast to assemble, but the cream dough below is a real cinch because you don't even have to blend butter into the flour mixture; you just pour in heavy cream and stir, then pat it out with your hands. A round cutter is your default shape but feel free to rummage through your cookie cutter collection for something fun, such as a leaf or diamond.  Milk Cream Dessert Bake Christmas Thanksgiving Cranberry Pear Fall Winter Christmas Eve Gourmet.