Pear Maple Johnnycake recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Melt butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet. Brush a 9-inch cake pan 2 inches deep) with 1 tablespoon melted butter and reserve 6 tablespoons in a small bowl. Sprinkle sugar evenly over butter remaining in skillet. Arrange pears, cut sides up, in skillet and sprinkle with 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg. Cook over medium heat 5 minutes, then turn pears over and sprinkle with 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg. Cook until liquid pears give off has evaporated and cut sides are lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes more. Transfer pears, cut sides down, to cake pan. Whisk together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg in a bowl. Whisk in milk, syrup, eggs, and reserved butter just until smooth. Pour over pears and bake until golden and a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack 15 minutes, then run a knife around edge of cake to loosen and invert onto a platter. Pear Maple Johnnycake has 288.0 calories. Pear Maple Johnnycake has 5.0 grams of protein. Pear Maple Johnnycake has 14.0 grams of fat. Pear Maple Johnnycake has 350.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pear Maple Johnnycake are 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 firm-ripe Anjou pears, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cored, 1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg, divided, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 3/4 cup stone-ground cornmeal (preferably white), 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 3/4 cup whole milk, 1/4 cup pure maple syrup (preferably dark amber or Grade B), 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Accompaniments: pure maple syrup (for drizzling); sour cream.Looking for a fast weeknight dessert? Johnnycake—essentially a cross between a pancake and corn bread—isn't fancy, but it's delicious when made with delicate pears and maple syrup.  Cake Fruit Dessert Bake Vegetarian Pear Cornmeal Winter Maple Syrup Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.