Pear and Raspberry Phyllo Flowers recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut stack of phyllo sheets lengthwise into 4 equal stacks. Cover phyllo stacks with 2 overlapping sheets of plastic wrap and then a damp kitchen towel to keep phyllo moist). Remove 3 strips from 1 stack and place separately on a work surface, then brush each strip with butter. Gather and pleat the long side of each strip to form a 3-inch ruffled fan. Arrange 3 fans to form a 6-inch circle on 1 corner of baking sheet. Make 3 more circles in same manner and arrange on remainder of baking sheet. Sprinkle each circle with 1/2 teaspoon sugar. Repeat twice, adding 2 more layers of ruffled fans to each circle, sprinkling each layer with 1/2 teaspoon sugar. Each flower will have 3 layers of ruffles.) Arrange pear slices in 1 slightly overlapping layer on phyllo flowers, leaving a 1-inch border. Place 3 raspberries in center of each flower. Sprinkle fruit with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake flowers in middle of oven until phyllo is golden, 18 to 20 minutes. Using a wide spatula, carefully transfer to a rack to cool. Pear and Raspberry Phyllo Flowers has 2039.0 calories. Pear and Raspberry Phyllo Flowers has 38.0 grams of protein. Pear and Raspberry Phyllo Flowers has 54.0 grams of fat. Pear and Raspberry Phyllo Flowers has 2473.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pear and Raspberry Phyllo Flowers are 9 (17- by 12-inch) phyllo sheets (1/2 lb), 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted, 4 tablespoons vanilla sugar, 3 firm-ripe pears (1 1/3 lb), peeled, cored, and sliced into very thin wedges, 12 raspberries."Although desserts are not my forte, I wanted to send in this simple yet impressive dessert, which contains only five ingredients," says Debra Anderson of Destin, Florida. "It reminds me of the beautiful pastries displayed in bakery shop windows in France.".  Berry Fruit Dessert Bake Raspberry Pear Fall Summer Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Pastry Gourmet Florida Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.