Pear Charlottes with Chamomile Crème Anglaise recipe. Bring 1/2 cup water and sugar to boil in heavy small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Mix in raisins and rum. Let soak 1 hour. Drain raisins. Meanwhile, heat honey in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add pears; sauté just until tender, about 2 minutes. Cool. Mix in raisins. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter eight 1 1/4-cup custard cups, then sprinkle with sugar. Place cups on baking sheet. Place 8 bread slices on work surface. Cut out 1 round from each slice to fit cup bottoms. Line cup bottoms with bread rounds. Cut enough of remaining bread slices into strips wide enough to line cup sides; line cup sides completely with strips, cutting to fit. Cut enough of remaining bread into 1/2-inch cubes to measure 4 cups. Whisk cream, sugar, eggs, rum, and vanilla in large bowl to blend well. Add 4 cups bread cubes and fruit mixture; stir to blend. Divide among prepared cups. Bake charlottes until center is puffed and set, about 55 minutes. Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Warm in 350°F oven for 7 minutes.) Run knife around sides of charlottes. Invert onto plates. Spoon crème anglaise over warm charlottes. Pear Charlottes with Chamomile Crème Anglaise has 637.0 calories. Pear Charlottes with Chamomile Crème Anglaise has 14.0 grams of protein. Pear Charlottes with Chamomile Crème Anglaise has 16.0 grams of fat. Pear Charlottes with Chamomile Crème Anglaise has 469.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pear Charlottes with Chamomile Crème Anglaise are 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup sugar, 3/4 cup golden raisins, 1/4 cup dark rum, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 3/4 pounds firm but ripe Bartlett pears (about 4 medium), peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 2 16-ounce brioche or egg bread loaves, crusts trimmed, bread cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices, 1 1/3 cups heavy whipping cream, 6 tablespoons sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Chamomile Crème Anglaise. Milk Cream Rum Fruit Dessert Bake Raisin Pear Fall Honey Bon Appétit.