Peppery Pasta Carbonara with Poached Egg recipe.  Cook bacon in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Meanwhile, cook spaghetti in a 4-quart saucepan of salted boiling water until al dente. Reserve 1/3 cup cooking water, then transfer spaghetti with tongs to a small bowl, shaking off excess water, and keep pan of water simmering. Pour off all but 2 teaspoons bacon fat from skillet, then whisk butter into fat in skillet over medium heat. Add spaghetti, reserved cooking water, cheese, and a rounded 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring, until sauce is thickened and almost completely absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Add bacon and 1 tablespoon tarragon and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Break egg into a cup and gently slide into water. Poach at a bare simmer to desired doneness we prefer a firm white with a runny yolk, 2 to 3 minutes). Serve pasta topped with egg transfer using a slotted spoon). Sprinkle with remaining tarragon if desired. Peppery Pasta Carbonara with Poached Egg has 792.0 calories. Peppery Pasta Carbonara with Poached Egg has 29.0 grams of protein. Peppery Pasta Carbonara with Poached Egg has 35.0 grams of fat. Peppery Pasta Carbonara with Poached Egg has 464.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peppery Pasta Carbonara with Poached Egg are 2 bacon slices, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1/4 pound spaghetti, 1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano plus additional for serving, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped tarragon or parsley, 1 large egg.Pasta and pork—what's not to love? Spaghetti alla carbonara traditionally calls for guanciale (cured pork jowl), but bacon is weeknight-friendly and every bit as satisfying. Raw egg is typically mixed into the hot pasta, but a poached egg on top feels more substantial while still providing the requisite creaminess.  Egg Pasta Poach Quick & Easy Dinner Parmesan Bacon Tarragon Boil Gourmet Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.