Peppercorn-Crusted Muscovy Duck with Blueberries recipe. Stir sugar and water in heavy small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat; boil without stirring until mixture is deep amber, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush and swirling pan, about 8 minutes. Stir in vinegar mixture will bubble). Add broth. Simmer until reduced to 1 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in dried fruit and ginger. Let stand 30 minutes. Meanwhile, using fork, pierce duck skin not meat) all over. Sprinkle with salt. Rub pepper over skin side of duck. Heat heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add duck, skin side down, and cook until golden and crisp, about 15 minutes. Turn over; cook to desired doneness, about 8 minutes for medium. Let rest 10 minutes. Rewarm sauce over low heat. Whisk in butter a few pieces at a time. Stir in blueberries. Season with salt and pepper. Slice duck breasts; serve with sauce. Peppercorn-Crusted Muscovy Duck with Blueberries has 403.0 calories. Peppercorn-Crusted Muscovy Duck with Blueberries has 42.0 grams of protein. Peppercorn-Crusted Muscovy Duck with Blueberries has 15.0 grams of fat. Peppercorn-Crusted Muscovy Duck with Blueberries has 151.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Peppercorn-Crusted Muscovy Duck with Blueberries are 1/4 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 2 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup mixed dried fruit, cut into matchstick-size pieces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 2 12- to 16-ounce boneless Muscovy duck breast halves with skin, 4 teaspoons crushed mixed peppercorns, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) chilled butter, cut into small pieces, 3/4 cup frozen blueberries, thawed.A real special-occasion entrée. Rich Muscovy duck breasts, sold at specialty foods stores, are larger and meatier than others.  Berry Duck Fruit Ginger Herb Poultry Valentine's Day Dinner Blueberry Winter Anniversary Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.