Phyllo Triangles with Basil, Zucchini and Pine Nuts recipe.  Toss zucchini with 1/2 teaspoon salt in medium bowl. Let stand 30 minutes. Drain zucchini well; roll in kitchen towel and squeeze dry. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until beginning to brown, about 6 minutes. Add zucchini; sauté until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Mix in basil, parsley and garlic; add wine. Cover skillet; simmer 3 minutes. Uncover; stir until any liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Transfer zucchini mixture to large bowl and cool. Mix in both cheeses, then pine nuts. Season filling with salt and pepper. Mix in egg. Lightly oil 2 large baking sheets. Place 1 phyllo sheet on work surface with 1 short end parallel to edge of work surface keep remaining phyllo covered with plastic wrap and damp kitchen towel.) Brush phyllo sheet lightly with butter; cut lengthwise into 3 equal strips, each about 4 inches wide. Place 1 generous tablespoon filling at bottom end of 1 strip. Fold 1 corner of phyllo over filling. Repeat folding down length of strip as for flag, brushing twice with butter and forming triangle. Place pastry on prepared baking sheet; brush with butter. Repeat with remaining phyllo sheets and filling. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover tightly with plastic and chill.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush pastries with egg white. Sprinkle pastries generously with sesame seeds. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Phyllo Triangles with Basil, Zucchini and Pine Nuts has 125.0 calories. Phyllo Triangles with Basil, Zucchini and Pine Nuts has 3.0 grams of protein. Phyllo Triangles with Basil, Zucchini and Pine Nuts has 10.0 grams of fat. Phyllo Triangles with Basil, Zucchini and Pine Nuts has 159.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Phyllo Triangles with Basil, Zucchini and Pine Nuts are 12 ounces zucchini, trimmed, coarsely grated, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3/4 chopped onion, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1/4 cup dry white wine, 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1/3 cup packed grated Parmesan cheese, 6 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 egg, 6 sheets fresh phyllo pastry or frozen, thawed, 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, 1 egg white, beaten to blend (glaze), Sesame seeds.Borekas -savory pastries made of phyllo dough- are part of the culinary heritage of Israeli Jews of Turkish and Bulgarian backgrounds. Falafel is the most popular street food in Israel, but borekas run a close second. This sophisticated version of the dish makes a delicious appetizer.  Cheese Vegetable Appetizer Bake Vegetarian Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Feta Parmesan Basil Zucchini Spring Summer Bon Appétit.