Pigs in a Blanket recipe. Preheat the oven to 450˚F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, and set it aside. Lay 1 sheet of phyllo on a work surface cover the remaining phyllo with a slightly damp kitchen towel to keep it from drying out). Spray the phyllo sheet generously with cooking spray. Top with another sheet of phyllo. Spray the second sheet of phyllo with cooking spray. Cut the phyllo stack lengthwise into 3 strips each strip should measure about 3x9 inches). Place 1 piece of hot dog at the end of each strip. Fold the sides of the phyllo in to overlap the edges of the hot dog pieces. Roll the hot dogs up tightly to encase them in phyllo. Place the rolled hot dogs, seam side down, on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat the process with the remaining hot dogs and phyllo. When all of the hot-dog packages have been assembled, spray them lightly with cooking spray, and bake until they are golden brown and crispy, about 16 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the milk to a boil in a small nonstick saucepan over high heat. Add the cheese and whisk until it melts. Continue whisking until the sauce is smooth. Whisk in the ketchup and mustard. Serve the hot dogs with the warm sauce for dipping. The ingredients of Pigs in a Blanket are 8 sheets phyllo dough, thawed if frozen, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 reduced-fat hot dogs, such as Ball Park Lite Beef Franks, each cut into 3 pieces, 2 tablespoons skim milk, 5 slices 2% reduced-fat cheddar singles, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon reduced-sugar ketchup, such as Heinz, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard.Along with shrimp puffs and the ubiquitous nut-coated cheese ball, some version of these tasty bites was all the rage at 1950s cocktail parties. They haven't lost their allure—just some fat and calories—in this slimmed-down incarnation that swaps reduced-fat hot dogs and crispy leaves of phyllo for the traditional fat-laden cocktail sausages and crescent-roll dough.  Beef Cheese Appetizer Bake Cocktail Party Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Low Cal Oscars Poker Game Night Party Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Sugar Conscious.