Pigs in Sleeping Bags recipe. Melt butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add shallot and cook, stirring occasionally and reducing heat if needed to prevent burning, until soft, 4-5 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until aromatic, about 1 minute. Transfer shallot mixture to a large bowl and let cool. Combine panko and milk in a small bowl; let stand until milk is absorbed, 2-3 minutes. Add to bowl with shallot mixture. Squeeze any excess liquid from sauerkraut; coarsely chop and add to bowl. Stir in 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard and caraway seeds; season with salt and pepper. Mix well. Add pork; using a fork or your hands, gently mix until just combined do not overmix). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out pastry on a lightly floured surface to a 14x10" rectangle. Cut lengthwise into three 14x3 1/3" strips. Transfer strips to prepared baking sheet. Using one-third of sausage filling and leaving a 1" border at each end, pat sausage to form a thin log of filling down the center of 1 pastry strip. Fold pastry over sausage mixture to enclose, then press pastry together to seal. Fold seam under to ensure that sausage is tightly wrapped. Repeat with remaining pastry and sausage mixture. Cut small diagonal slits at 1" intervals along top of pastries to help release steam). Brush top and sides of pastry with beaten egg; chill in freezer for about 30 minutes. DO AHEAD: Pastries can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cover tightly with plastic wrap, then foil, and keep frozen. Preheat oven to 425°F. Bake pastries if frozen, no need to thaw) until puffed and light brown, about 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350°F; continue baking until sausage is cooked through and pastry is golden and completely puffed, about 25 minutes. Let cool slightly. Cut sausage rolls crosswise into 1" pieces. Serve with a bowl of Dijon mustard for dipping. Pigs in Sleeping Bags has 261.0 calories. Pigs in Sleeping Bags has 7.0 grams of protein. Pigs in Sleeping Bags has 18.0 grams of fat. Pigs in Sleeping Bags has 175.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pigs in Sleeping Bags are 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1/4 cup minced shallot, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), 3 tablespoons whole milk, 3/4 cup drained sauerkraut, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard plus more for serving, 3/4 teaspoon caraway seeds, toasted, lightly crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces ground pork, 1 14-ounce package Dufour Pastry Kitchens frozen puff pastry, thawed, All-purpose flour (for dusting), 1 large egg, beaten to blend.A handmade sausage mix takes the place of cocktail franks in this new party classic. A couple of these will keep those Manhattans you're swilling in check.  Pork Bake Christmas New Year's Eve Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Caraway Pastry Bon Appétit.