Pimiento Mac and Cheese recipe.  Bring 1/2 cup water, bell pepper, and 1 1/2 garlic cloves to boil in small saucepan. Cover; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until pepper is soft, about 15 minutes. Toast panko in skillet over medium-high heat until golden, stirring often, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to bowl; cool to lukewarm. Rub 1 tablespoon butter into crumbs to coat. Mix in 1/4 cup Parmesan. Transfer bell pepper mixture to processor. Add Peppadews and 1 tablespoon brine, 2 tablespoons butter, ground chiles, and 1/2 garlic clove; then add cheddar and 1/4 cup Parmesan. Blend until sauce is smooth; season to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 8-cup baking dish or 6 individual dishes). Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain; return to pot. Stir sauce and mozzarella into pasta. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon pasta into dish. Sprinkle with crumb topping. Bake pasta until topping is crisp and sauce is bubbling, about 25 minutes 15 for individual). Let stand 10 minutes. Pimiento Mac and Cheese has 420.0 calories. Pimiento Mac and Cheese has 19.0 grams of protein. Pimiento Mac and Cheese has 21.0 grams of fat. Pimiento Mac and Cheese has 412.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pimiento Mac and Cheese are 1 7- to 8-ounce red bell pepper, seeded, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 garlic cloves, halved, divided, 1/2 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, divided, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 3/4 cup drained mild Peppadew peppers in brine, 1 tablespoon brine reserved, 1/4 teaspoon ground ancho chiles, 1 1/4 cups (packed) coarsely grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese, 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated whole-milk mozzarella, 8 ounces medium shell pasta or gemelli, Look for panko at supermarkets and at Asian markets. Ground ancho chiles are available in the spice section of supermarkets and at Latin markets..How do you improve upon mac and cheese? Mix in a little southern charm. To amp up the classic, we made a cheese sauce inspired by pimiento cheese (learn more about the culinary icon above). The mix of Parmesan, cheddar, bell pepper, and sweet-tangy Peppadew peppers coats the pasta perfectly—and the Panko topping adds just enough crunch.  Food Processor Cheese Pasta Vegetarian Quick & Easy Low Cal Dinner Cheddar Mozzarella Winter Family Reunion Potluck Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Kosher.