Pink Grapefruit, Grape, Raspberry, and Olive Oil Salad with Minted Yogurt recipe.  Peel and segment the grapefruit over a bowl and reserve any juices that drip from them. Heat a skillet and add 2 teaspoons of the oil, then add the grapes and cook over high heat to blister them slightly, shaking the pan often to cook them evenly. Add the grapefruit juice and cook until it's almost evaporated, then add the honey and bring to a boil; tip into a bowl and leave to cool. When the grapes are cool, add the grapefruit segments, raspberries, and remaining oil, and gently toss. Mix the mint into the yogurt. To serve, spoon the fruit salad into 4 small bowls and dollop the minted yogurt on top. Pink Grapefruit, Grape, Raspberry, and Olive Oil Salad with Minted Yogurt has 189.0 calories. Pink Grapefruit, Grape, Raspberry, and Olive Oil Salad with Minted Yogurt has 4.0 grams of protein. Pink Grapefruit, Grape, Raspberry, and Olive Oil Salad with Minted Yogurt has 7.0 grams of fat. Pink Grapefruit, Grape, Raspberry, and Olive Oil Salad with Minted Yogurt has 30.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pink Grapefruit, Grape, Raspberry, and Olive Oil Salad with Minted Yogurt are 2 pink grapefruit, 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 10 ounces seedless grapes, stems removed, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 handfuls of raspberries, 12 mint leaves, finely shredded, 1 cup thick plain yogurt (try a sheep- or goat-milk yogurt for extra flavor).Olive oil in a dessert might seem a little odd, but try to think of it as a flavorful ingredient rather than a fat...as long as you choose a delicious extra-virgin oil. I first had something like this in Jabugo, Spain, when I ate slices of orange simply drizzled with a grassy local oil as a dessert. It was a revelation. If you want to go dairy-free in this dessert, then skip the yogurt and mix the mint in with the grapes.  Salad Breakfast Dessert No-Cook Yogurt Raspberry Grapefruit Mint Summer Grape Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.