Pinto Bean Enfrijoladas recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and garlic and sauté until onions are golden, about 8 minutes. Add beans, 1 1/2 cups milk, and 1 1/2 cups water; simmer until onions are tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Mash beans coarsely in skillet. Mix in chile and all spices; season with salt and pepper. Add more milk or water by 1/4 cupfuls to thin bean mixture to slightly soupy consistency. Heat remaining 1/4 cup oil in another large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 tortilla at a time; cook until tortilla softens, about 30 seconds per side. Transfer tortilla to work surface. Place 1 heaping tablespoon cheese in center of each tortilla; fold in half. Place in prepared dish, overlapping tortillas slightly. Top with bean sauce. Bake until enfrijoladas are heated through and sauce is bubbling, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining queso ranchero and cilantro. Serve with sour cream. *Mildly salty cheese that crumbles easily; also labled queso fresco or queso casero. Queso cotija or mild feta can be used instead. Pinto Bean Enfrijoladas has 596.0 calories. Pinto Bean Enfrijoladas has 22.0 grams of protein. Pinto Bean Enfrijoladas has 33.0 grams of fat. Pinto Bean Enfrijoladas has 889.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pinto Bean Enfrijoladas are 3 tablespoons plus 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 15- to 16-ounce cans pinto beans, drained, 1 1/2 cups (or more) whole milk, 1 1/2 cups (or more) water, 1 teaspoon minced serrano chile with seeds, 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 5 1/2- to 6-inch-diameter corn tortillas, 2 1/4 cups crumbled queso ranchero*, Chopped fresh cilantro, Sour cream.Luis Miguel López Alanís of Morelia, Mexico, writes: "Although I grew up in Mexico, it was in Chicago of all places that I learned to cook Mexican food. During the two years I lived there, I missed my country's food so much that I wrote to my mother in Zitácuaro and asked her to send me recipes so I could cook for myself.  Milk Cream Bean Cheese Breakfast Brunch Bake Sauté Super Bowl Cinco de Mayo Lunch Hot Pepper Spring Tortillas Bon Appétit Mexico Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.