Pistachio-Crusted Halibut with Spicy Yogurt recipe.  Put fish in a shallow baking dish, pour milk over it, and chill, covered, turning over once, 30 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together pistachios and cornmeal in a shallow bowl. Remove fish from milk, letting excess drip off. Transfer to a plate and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper, then dredge lightly in cornmeal-pistachio mixture. Transfer to a clean plate as coated. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté fish, turning over once, until golden and just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes total. While fish cooks, stir together all ingredients for spicy yogurt. Serve fish with spicy yogurt on the side. Pistachio-Crusted Halibut with Spicy Yogurt has 443.0 calories. Pistachio-Crusted Halibut with Spicy Yogurt has 39.0 grams of protein. Pistachio-Crusted Halibut with Spicy Yogurt has 24.0 grams of fat. Pistachio-Crusted Halibut with Spicy Yogurt has 898.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pistachio-Crusted Halibut with Spicy Yogurt are 4 (1 1/4-inch-thick) pieces skinless halibut fillet (about 6 ounces each), 1 cup whole milk, 1/3 cup shelled pistachios (preferably Turkish), finely chopped, 3 tablespoons cornmeal, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 cup thick Turkish or Greek yogurt (8 ounces), 1/2 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and finely diced (3/4 cup), 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons dried maras pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste.After he went on the Blue Voyage, Boston chef Chris Schlesinger came up with the idea for this recipe, which brings together many of the characteristic flavors of Turkey's Mediterranean coast. Halibut works best, but you can use any mild, firm-fleshed white fish.  Citrus Dairy Fish Herb Nut Sauté Yogurt Mother's Day Dinner Pistachio Halibut Gourmet Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.