Pizza with Fontina, Prosciutto, and Arugula recipe. Put a large heavy baking sheet 17 by 14 inches) on lowest rack of oven, then preheat oven to 500°F. Meanwhile, roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin, stretching corners with your hands to form a 16- by 13-inch rectangle. Dough will be easier to roll out as it warms.) Transfer to a large tray lined with sheet of parchment paper. Lightly prick dough all over with a fork, then slide dough on parchment) from tray onto hot baking sheet. Bake until top is puffed and pale golden in patches, 6 to 10 minutes. Prick any large bubbles with a fork and flatten.) While crust bakes, shred cheese in a food processor fitted with medium shredding disk you should have 3 cups). Remove crust from oven and brush all over with crushed garlic, then sprinkle evenly with cheese. Bake pizza until edge of crust is deep golden and cheese is bubbling and golden in patches, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven, then scatter arugula over pizza and drape prosciutto over arugula. Drizzle with oil and coarsely grind pepper to taste. Serve immediately. Pizza with Fontina, Prosciutto, and Arugula has 732.0 calories. Pizza with Fontina, Prosciutto, and Arugula has 40.0 grams of protein. Pizza with Fontina, Prosciutto, and Arugula has 36.0 grams of fat. Pizza with Fontina, Prosciutto, and Arugula has 2147.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pizza with Fontina, Prosciutto, and Arugula are 1 lb pizza dough, thawed if frozen, 3/4 lb well-chilled Italian Fontina, any rind discarded, 1 garlic clove, forced through a garlic press, 1/4 lb loosely packed baby arugula (4 cups), 1/4 lb thinly sliced prosciutto, Extra-virgin olive oil for drizzling, Freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: a 17- by 14-inch sheet of parchment paper.No time to heat up a pizza stone? This easy alternative method yields a crisp crust in just minutes. Good-quality cheese, olive oil, and prosciutto go a long way toward making the pie truly memorable.  Cheese Dairy Garlic Leafy Green Pork Bake Quick & Easy Prosciutto Fontina Gourmet.