Plum and Berry Summer Puddings recipe.  Line six 3/4-cup custard cups with plastic wrap, leaving 3-inch overhang on all sides. Using 3-inch cookie cutter, cut out 1 round from each bread slice; reserve. Combine plums and sugar in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves and syrup forms. Simmer until plums are tender and translucent, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Add all berries; simmer until berries release their juices, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Stir in lemon juice. Cool to room temperature. Arrange 2 cooked plum slices in bottom of each custard cup. Top plums in each with 2 tablespoons fruit mixture with juices, then 1 bread round. Top each with remaining fruit mixture with juices, dividing equally. Place 1 bread round atop each; press into fruit mixture to compact. Cover puddings tightly with plastic-wrap overhang. Place custard cups on baking sheet. Top cups with another baking sheet. Place several food cans on top baking sheet to weigh down. Chill overnight. Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.). Unfold plastic wrap from top of custard cups. Invert puddings onto plates. Remove plastic wrap. Spoon whipped cream alongside and serve. Plum and Berry Summer Puddings has 363.0 calories. Plum and Berry Summer Puddings has 8.0 grams of protein. Plum and Berry Summer Puddings has 5.0 grams of fat. Plum and Berry Summer Puddings has 317.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Plum and Berry Summer Puddings are 12 1/2-inch-thick egg bread slices, 12 ounces red or purple plums (about 3 large), halved, pitted, each half cut into 6 slices, 3/4 cup sugar, 2 1/2-pint baskets raspberries (about 2 2/3 cups), 1 1/2-pint basket blueberries (about 1 1/3 cups), 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Sweetened whipped cream.These colorful treats are like chilled fruity bread puddings. Start making them at least one day and up to two days before serving.  Berry Fruit Dessert Fourth of July Blueberry Raspberry Plum Summer Chill Party Ramekin Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.