Poached Wild Salmon With Peas and Morels recipe.  Place salmon, skin side down, in a large high-sided skillet. Add wine, 2 tablespoons salt, and cold water to cover salmon by 1/2". Cover pan; bring liquid to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, uncover, and gently poach salmon until just cooked through and barely opaque in the center, about 6 minutes, depending on thickness. Transfer salmon and 2 tablespoons poaching liquid to a plate; tent loosely with foil. Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until they begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Add 1/2 cup salmon poaching liquid and peas and simmer until peas begin to soften, 2-3 minutes. Add cream and bring sauce to a simmer. Cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Using a spatula, transfer salmon, skin side up, to paper towels. Gently peel off and discard skin. Invert onto serving plates and spoon sauce over. Garnish with chives. Poached Wild Salmon With Peas and Morels has 700.0 calories. Poached Wild Salmon With Peas and Morels has 48.0 grams of protein. Poached Wild Salmon With Peas and Morels has 46.0 grams of fat. Poached Wild Salmon With Peas and Morels has 5840.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Poached Wild Salmon With Peas and Morels are 2 6-8-ounce center-cut wild salmon fillets (each about 1 1/2" thick), 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons kosher salt plus more for seasoning, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, 4 ounces fresh morels; sliced, stemmed shiitake; or other mushrooms, 1/2 cup shelled fresh (or frozen, thawed) peas, 1/2 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives or 2 pea tendrils.This simple yet luxurious preparation is delicious with fresh wild king salmon, though you can use any of your favorite salmon varieties.  Milk Cream Fish Mushroom Poach High Fiber Dinner Seafood Salmon Legume Pea White Wine Spring Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.