Pomegranate-Marinated Lamb with Spices and Couscous recipe.  Whisk pomegranate molasses, coarsely chopped garlic, olive oil, ground ginger, cinnamon, 1 3/4 teaspoons cumin, paprika, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in large bowl. Add lamb and toss to coat. Cover and marinate 2 hours at room temperature, or up to 2 days in the refrigerator. Drain, reserving marinade. Pat lamb dry. Heat heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add meat and bones, if using, and cook until browned, turning occasionally, about 2 minutes total per batch. Return all lamb and bones to skillet. Add reserved marinade and 1/4 cup water. Cover with lid slightly ajar and simmer over medium-low heat until meat is tender, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Meanwhile, bring remaining 1 cup water and chicken broth to boil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add couscous and remaining 1/4 teaspoon cumin. Remove saucepan from heat and let stand covered 5 minutes. Fluff couscous with fork, then stir in butter until melted. Divide couscous among plates and top with lamb, pomegranate seeds, and basil leaves, spooning remaining sauce over lamb. A thick pomegranate syrup; available at some supermarkets, at Middle Eastern markets, and from adrianascaravan.com. Pomegranate-Marinated Lamb with Spices and Couscous has 1165.0 calories. Pomegranate-Marinated Lamb with Spices and Couscous has 50.0 grams of protein. Pomegranate-Marinated Lamb with Spices and Couscous has 63.0 grams of fat. Pomegranate-Marinated Lamb with Spices and Couscous has 496.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pomegranate-Marinated Lamb with Spices and Couscous are 1/2 cup pomegranate molasses*, 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, divided, 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, 2 pounds lamb shoulder blade chops, cut into 3/4-inch square pieces, bones reserved, 1 1/4 cups water, divided, 2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 1 10-ounce box plain couscous, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, 3/4 cup pomegranate seeds, 3 tablespoons torn basil leaves.Sweet-tart pomegranate adds intriguing depth to this braise. It can be made with boneless or bone-in meat. If using boneless, buy a half pound less lamb.  Lamb Marinate High Fiber Dinner Fall Family Reunion Pan-Fry Pomegranate Couscous Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.