Pomegranate and Fennel Glazed Rack of Lamb recipe. Preheat oven to 425°:. Mix oregano, olive oil, 3 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, and 2 tablespoons fennel seeds in a small bowl; season oregano mixture with salt and pepper. Toss fennel, onion, remaining 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, and remaining 2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses in a large baking dish or roasting pan; season with salt and pepper. Distribute evenly across bottom of pan. Season lamb with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium. Cook 1 rack of lamb, fat side down, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Turn and cook until other side is just browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to dish with fennel mixture, placing fat side up, and rub with half of oregano mixture. Wipe out skillet and repeat with remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, second rack of lamb, and remaining oregano mixture. Roast lamb and vegetables until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of lamb registers 125°: for medium-rare, 25–30 minutes. Transfer lamb to a cutting board and let rest at least 10 minutes before carving. Serve lamb over vegetables topped with pomegranate seeds. Pomegranate and Fennel Glazed Rack of Lamb has 396.0 calories. Pomegranate and Fennel Glazed Rack of Lamb has 15.0 grams of protein. Pomegranate and Fennel Glazed Rack of Lamb has 36.0 grams of fat. Pomegranate and Fennel Glazed Rack of Lamb has 60.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pomegranate and Fennel Glazed Rack of Lamb are 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses, 3 tablespoons fennel seeds, divided, Kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 medium fennel bulbs, sliced lengthwise, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 2 3–3 1/2-pound racks of lamb, rib bones frenched, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1/4 cup pomegranate seeds.Two racks make enough for each person to have two chops. Cut between each bone individually for single chops, or cut into double-rib portions.  Bon Appétit.