Pomelo Salad with Chile, Lime, Peanuts, and Coconut recipe.  Whisk palm sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl to dissolve sugar. Whisk in chiles, garlic, lime juice, and fish sauce; season with salt. Balance with more sugar, lime juice, or fish sauce if needed. Toast coconut in a dry small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl. Heat oil in same saucepan. Add half of shallots and fry, swirling, until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Transfer to paper towels with a slotted spoon to drain; season with salt. Cook peanuts in shallot oil until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain; season with salt. Remove peel and white pith from pomelos. Tear membrane off and pull segments into large pieces, transferring to a large bowl as you go. Add cilantro, remaining shallots, and half of dressing and toss to coat. Add coconut, peanuts, and dried shrimp; toss again. Divide among plates, drizzle with remaining dressing, and top with fried shallots. Pomelo Salad with Chile, Lime, Peanuts, and Coconut has 455.0 calories. Pomelo Salad with Chile, Lime, Peanuts, and Coconut has 6.0 grams of protein. Pomelo Salad with Chile, Lime, Peanuts, and Coconut has 39.0 grams of fat. Pomelo Salad with Chile, Lime, Peanuts, and Coconut has 1090.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pomelo Salad with Chile, Lime, Peanuts, and Coconut are 2 tablespoons palm sugar or light brown sugar, 2 red or green Thai chiles, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, Kosher salt, 1/2 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, divided, 1/4 cup peanuts, preferably skin-on, 2 pomelos or 3 ruby red grapefruit, 3/4 cup torn cilantro leaves with tender stems, 2 tablespoons dried shrimp.A palate cleanser packed with sweet, sour, and salty flavors; taste and tweak the seasonings as you go.  Salad Citrus Side Grapefruit Peanut Spring Summer Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.