Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy recipe. Grind dried porcini in processor until almost reduced to powder, with some larger bits remaining, about 4 minutes. Transfer to sieve. Shake powdered porcini into bowl; mix in 2 tablespoons butter. Reserve larger bits in sieve. Rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry with paper towels. Place turkey on small rack set in large roasting pan. Rub porcini butter over outside of turkey; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bring porcini bits and chicken broth to boil in small saucepan. Remove from heat; reserve for basting. Turkey and porcini broth can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill.) Set rack at lowest position in oven and preheat to 325°F. If stuffing turkey, spoon stuffing loosely into main cavity and neck cavity. Tuck wing tips under; tie legs together loosely. Roast turkey 1 hour 15 minutes, covering loosely with foil if browning quickly. Toss onion, carrots, garlic, and oil in bowl to coat; scatter in pan around turkey. Baste with 1 cup porcini broth. Continue to roast turkey until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 175°F, basting with 3/4 cup porcini broth and pan juices every 45 minutes, about 2 hours 30 minutes for unstuffed and 3 hours for stuffed. Transfer turkey to platter; let stand 30 minutes internal temperature will increase 5 to 10 degrees). Place roasting pan over 2 burners. Add turkey stock and any remaining porcini broth and bring to boil, scraping up browned bits. Strain turkey broth into heavy large saucepan; spoon off fat. Mix 4 tablespoons butter and flour in bowl to form paste. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms. Cover; cook until mushrooms release liquids, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add Madeira; boil until wine evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add mushroom mixture to turkey broth; bring to boil. Whisk in flour paste. Reduce heat to medium; simmer until gravy thickens, whisking occasionally, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve turkey with gravy. Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy has 522.0 calories. Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy has 25.0 grams of protein. Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy has 27.0 grams of fat. Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy has 1201.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Porcini-Rubbed Turkey with Shiitake-Madeira Gravy are 1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 14-pound turkey; neck, heart, and gizzard reserved for stock, 4 cups low-salt chicken broth, 1 large onion, cut into 8 pieces, 4 medium carrots, coarsely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 cups Turkey Stock, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1/4 cup all purpose flour, 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps sliced, 1/2 cup Madeira.With its use of dried porcini in the turkey rub and fresh shiitakes in the light gravy, this recipe from the late food writer Michael McLaughlin is a fine example of his signature style: deeply flavorful seasonal cooking. You can make the turkey stock for the gravy up to two days ahead.  Mushroom Poultry turkey Roast Thanksgiving Fall Bon Appétit.