Pork Chile Verde with Red Chile Salsa recipe.  Puree 2 cups chicken broth, 1/4 of tomatillos, green onions, cilantro with stems, and garlic in blender. Set salsa verde aside. Brush heavy large pot with oil; heat over medium-high heat. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Working in batches, add pork to pot; cook until browned, turning occasionally, about 4 minutes per batch. Using slotted spoon, transfer pork to bowl. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from pot add oil if needed). Add onion to pot; sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle cumin seeds over; cook until onion is golden and cumin is toasted, about 2 minutes. Add remaining tomatillos; cook until tender and browned in spots, stirring occasionally and reducing heat to medium if browning too quickly, about 8 minutes. Return pork and any juices to pot. Add 2 cups reserved salsa verde, 1 cup broth, chiles, and oregano. Cover; simmer over medium-low heat until pork is tender, about 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cool slightly. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Bring to simmer before continuing. Add potatoes to pork. Simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in remaining salsa verde; bring to simmer. Thin with additional broth, if desired. Season with salt and pepper. Divide chile verde among bowls. Top with cilantro and dollop of red chile salsa. Pork Chile Verde with Red Chile Salsa has 431.0 calories. Pork Chile Verde with Red Chile Salsa has 25.0 grams of protein. Pork Chile Verde with Red Chile Salsa has 27.0 grams of fat. Pork Chile Verde with Red Chile Salsa has 214.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork Chile Verde with Red Chile Salsa are 3 cups (or more) chicken broth, divided, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, rinsed, cut into 1/2-inch wedges, divided, 1 bunch green onions, coarsely chopped, 1 1/2 cups (packed) fresh cilantro with tender stems, Olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 4- to 4 1/2-pound pork shoulder (Boston butt), trimmed, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes, 1 large onion, chopped (about 2 cups), 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 3/4 cup diced roasted peeled seeded mild green chiles (such as Hatch or Anaheim), 2 teaspoons dried oregano (preferably Mexican), 1 pound yukon gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes chopped, Fresh cilantro, Red chile salsa, Ingredient info: Look for tomatillos (green, tomato-like fruits with papery husks) at supermarkets and Latin markets..Home turf: New Mexico
Local flavor: Southwestern-style chili is all about the chiles (with an "e"), as in this pillar of regional cooking, chile verde. The chiles are green and mild (New Mexico's famous hatch chiles are perfect), and the meat is pork. Tangy tomatillos balance the chiles and coat the slow-cooked pork. To up the regional cred, serve it "Christmas" style—with a combo of green and red chiles.
Make it a meal: Serve with warm corn tortillas, avocado and spinach salad with honey-lime vinaigrette, and a dark beer like Negra Modelo (Mexico, $8 per six-pack).  Soup Stew Pork Potato Super Bowl Dinner Winter Family Reunion Tomatillo Potluck Chile Pepper Bon Appétit One-Pot Meal Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.