Pork Chops with Mango Pineapple Sauce recipe.  Sprinkle both sides of pork chops with 1 teaspoon salt and 3/4 teaspoon pepper total), then chill, covered, at least 4 hours to allow seasoning to permeate meat). Purée chopped mango in a food processor until smooth, then force through a sieve into a bowl. Bring mango purée, butter, pineapple, mango nectar, brown sugar, mustard, cloves, and remaining teaspoon each salt and pepper to a boil in a 1 1/2- to 2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until butter is melted, then simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 12 to 15 minutes. Discard cloves. Pat pork chops dry. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chops in 2 batches, about 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Transfer to a plate as browned. Pour off all but about 1 1/2 tablespoons fat from skillet, then cook onion over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add sauce and pork chops with any juices) and simmer, uncovered, turning chops over once, until just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro. Pork Chops with Mango Pineapple Sauce has 685.0 calories. Pork Chops with Mango Pineapple Sauce has 44.0 grams of protein. Pork Chops with Mango Pineapple Sauce has 31.0 grams of fat. Pork Chops with Mango Pineapple Sauce has 1368.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork Chops with Mango Pineapple Sauce are 4 (3/4-inch-thick) loin pork chops, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 3/4 teaspoons black pepper, 1 (1-lb) firm-ripe mango, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup drained canned pineapple chunks (from a 14-oz can), 1 cup mango nectar, 1/4 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 whole cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1/3 cup fresh cilantro leaves. Food Processor Fruit Pork Sauté Dinner Mango Pineapple Pork Chop Winter Simmer Gourmet Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.