Pork and Noodle Soup with Shiitake and Snow Cabbage recipe.  Place shiitake mushrooms in medium bowl. Add 1 cup cold water; let soak until soft, about 1 hour. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Squeeze mushrooms dry. Cut off stems; discard. Thinly slice caps. Combine broth, ginger, and reserved mushroom liquid in large saucepan; bring to boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Boil noodles in salted water until tender but still firm to bite, about 3 minutes. Drain; divide among 6 bowls. Heat 14-inch-diameter flat-bottomed wok or heavy 12-inch-diameter skillet over high heat until drop of water evaporates on contact. Add 2 tablespoons oil, then pork, spreading evenly. Cook without stirring 20 seconds; then stir-fry pork until no longer pink, about 2 minutes. Stir in rice wine and soy sauce. Transfer to plate. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to same wok do not clean) over high heat. Add mushrooms; stir-fry 1 minute. Add snow cabbage, bamboo shoot strips, and sugar; stir-fry 30 seconds. Stir in pork and any accumulated juices. Stir-fry 1 minute. Top noodles with pork mixture. Divide hot broth among bowls. Pork and Noodle Soup with Shiitake and Snow Cabbage has 520.0 calories. Pork and Noodle Soup with Shiitake and Snow Cabbage has 27.0 grams of protein. Pork and Noodle Soup with Shiitake and Snow Cabbage has 19.0 grams of fat. Pork and Noodle Soup with Shiitake and Snow Cabbage has 280.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork and Noodle Soup with Shiitake and Snow Cabbage are 1 1/2 ounces medium-size dried shiitake mushrooms (dried forest mushrooms), 1 cup cold water, 6 cups low-salt chicken broth, 2 (1-inch-diameter 1/8-inch-thick slices) peeled fresh ginger, 1 pound fresh Shanghai noodles, 3 tablespoons peanut oil or vegetable oil, divided, 12 ounces pork butt, trimmed, cut into 2-inch-long matchstick-size strips, 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine (Chinese rice wine) or dry Sherry, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 (6 1/2-ounce) can preserved snow cabbage, well drained, 1 cup drained canned bamboo shoot strips (most of one 8-ounce can), 3/4 teaspoon sugar.Cutting the pork is easiest using a cleaver or large chef's knife: Slice thick crosswise pieces, stack them, and then cut matchstick-size pieces.  Soup Stew Wok Ginger Mushroom Pasta Pork Stir-Fry Bon Appétit.