Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Pears and Pear-Brandy Cream Sauce recipe.  Place pork slices between plastic wrap. Using meat mallet, pound pork slices to 1/4-inch thickness. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add pears and sugar; sauté until pears are tender and deep golden, about 8 minutes. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in another large nonstick skillet over high heat. Season pork with salt and pepper. Working in batches, add pork to skillet; sauté just until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to plate. Cover. Reduce heat to medium. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet. Add shallots and thyme; sauté 2 minutes. Add eau-de-vie; boil until reduced to glaze, scraping up any browned bits, about 2 minutes. Add cream and pear nectar; boil until thickened to sauce consistency, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Reheat pears if necessary. Spoon into center of platter. Arrange pork around pears. Pour sauce over pork. Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Pears and Pear-Brandy Cream Sauce has 556.0 calories. Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Pears and Pear-Brandy Cream Sauce has 32.0 grams of protein. Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Pears and Pear-Brandy Cream Sauce has 26.0 grams of fat. Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Pears and Pear-Brandy Cream Sauce has 91.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork Tenderloin with Caramelized Pears and Pear-Brandy Cream Sauce are 1 1/4 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut crosswise into 1-inch-thick slices, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, 4 firm but ripe large Anjou pears, peeled, halved, cored, cut into 1/3-inch-thick wedges, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 cup chopped shallots, 1 1/4 teaspoons dried thyme, 1/4 cup pear eau-de-vie (clear pear brandy) or pear schnapps, 1 cup whipping cream, 1/3 cup pear nectar.The sauce is a variation of a classic one from the Normandy region of France, where it's made with apples and Calvados.  Milk Cream Fruit Herb Pork Sauté Pear Pork Tenderloin Brandy Eau de Vie Winter Bon Appétit.