Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula recipe.  Combine first 7 ingredients in large resealable plastic bag; shake to blend. Add pork to marinade; seal bag. Chill overnight, turning bag occasionally. Stir first 7 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and chill until ready to use, up to 1 day. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Remove pork from bag. Grill until thermometer inserted into center of each tenderloin registers 145°F, about 18 minutes. Transfer to work surface; let stand 10 minutes temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees). Thinly slice into rounds. Grill pitas until warmed through and softened, about 2 minutes per side. Cut pitas in half. Fill pita halves with pork, drizzle with sauce, then tuck in onion and arugula. Serve, passing remaining sauce separately. Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula has 236.0 calories. Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula has 21.0 grams of protein. Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula has 10.0 grams of fat. Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula has 302.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork Gyros with Yogurt-Tomato Sauce, Red Onion, and Arugula are 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup dry red wine, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 small bay leaf, crumbled, 1/2 tablespoon (packed) fresh oregano leaves, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 1-pound pork tenderloins, 1 1/2 cups plain Greek yogurt or whole-milk yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped seeded tomato, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 6 7-inch-diameter pita breads, 1 red onion, halved, thinly sliced, 24 large arugula leaves.Juicy pork replaces the traditional lamb in these sandwiches. Tomato and capers are a lively addition to the yogurt sauce.  Garlic Onion Pork Tomato Marinate Yogurt High Fiber Arugula Summer Grill Barbecue Capers Bon Appétit.