Pork Walnut Stuffing with Squash and Sage recipe.  Preheat the oven to 400°F. Rub the flesh of the squash with 1 tablespoon of the ghee or oil and season with a couple of pinches of sea salt and black pepper. On a baking sheet, place the squash halves, flesh side down, and add the broth to the sheet. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 40 to 50 minutes, until the squash is knife-tender. While the pumpkin cooks, clean the seeds. Toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon ghee or oil and a pinch of sea salt and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until browned, remove from the oven and process in the food processor until finely ground. In a cast-iron skillet or sauté pan, combine the carrots, onion, garlic, and a pinch of sea salt. Sweat the veggies, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent. Transfer to a large mixing bowl. When the squash is done, remove it from the oven and reserve the cooking broth from squash in a small saucepan; scrape the flesh from the squash skin. Place the saucepan of the reserved cooking broth over medium heat and reduce by three quarters. Transfer the squash flesh to the bowl with the pork and vegetables. Add the almond flour, walnuts, squash seeds, herbs, eggs, and reduced cooking broth and mix thoroughly to combine. Spread the stuffing out on a baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes, or until the pork is fully cooked through. Remove from the oven and serve immediately. Store any leftovers, refrigerated, for up to 1 week. Pork Walnut Stuffing with Squash and Sage has 612.0 calories. Pork Walnut Stuffing with Squash and Sage has 32.0 grams of protein. Pork Walnut Stuffing with Squash and Sage has 46.0 grams of fat. Pork Walnut Stuffing with Squash and Sage has 144.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork Walnut Stuffing with Squash and Sage are 1 medium butternut squash or pumpkin, halved, seeds removed and reserved, 2 tablespoons ghee or olive oil, Sea salt as needed, A few pinches freshly ground pepper, 1 cup Turkey Bone Broth or Chicken Bone Broth, Reserved squash seeds, 3 carrots, peeled and diced, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds ground pork, 1/2 cup almond flour, 1 cup walnuts, toasted, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 2 eggs, beaten.When we opted to cut out grains from our diet, one of the hardest things to give up was, strangely enough, stuffing—the kind you eat with Thanksgiving dinner. Most stuffing is made with bread crumbs, and that just wouldn't do. So Ryan put a lot of effort into developing and testing more nutritious alternatives, and eventually came up with this—a delicious and more-than-satisfying substitute. When they taste it for the first time, many people want to know his secret. They're shocked when he tells them it's omitting the bread crumbs.  HarperCollins Squash Stuffing Dressing Carrot Oregano Walnut Rosemary Sage Onion Side Kid-Friendly Healthy Low Fat Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.