Pork Confit recipe.  Combine first 8 ingredients in large bowl. Add pork; turn and rub to coat well. Cover and chill overnight. Preheat oven to 275°F. Place onions, garlic, thyme sprigs, and rosemary sprig in large ovenproof pot. Pat pork dry with paper towels and place atop vegetables in pot. Pour enough melted lard over pork to cover by 1 inch. Cover and place pork in oven. Roast until pork is tender, turning occasionally keep pork covered with lard at all times), about 4 hours. Using slotted spoon, transfer pork to another large bowl, packing tightly. Strain liquid in pot into 4-cup measuring cup; discard solids in strainer. Allow juices to settle at bottom of cup, about 15 minutes. Carefully pour enough fat from cup over pork in bowl to cover by 1 inch. Pour juices from bottom of cup into resealable plastic freezer bag; seal and freeze to use for making thePork Cassoulet it's also great as a sauce). Cover and refrigerate pork at least 2 weeks and up to 2 months keep pork covered with fat). Rewarm pork confit to melt lard. Drain pork before using. *A dried herb mixture available in the spice section of many supermarkets and at specialty foods stores. A combination of dried thyme, basil, savory, and fennel seeds can be substituted. Pork Confit has 392.0 calories. Pork Confit has 11.0 grams of protein. Pork Confit has 38.0 grams of fat. Pork Confit has 231.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pork Confit are 6 bay leaves, crushed, 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence*, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 4 pounds boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), cut into 3-inch cubes, fat left intact, 2 onions, sliced, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 6 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 fresh rosemary sprig, Melted lard or olive oil (about 1 quart).Start the confit at least two weeks ahead. This would also be delicious on its own served with mashed potatoes.  Garlic Onion Pork Winter Thyme Bon Appétit.