Portuguese Sausage Sandwiches with Peppers, Onions, and Olives recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Add peppers and sauté until lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Sprinkle mixture with sugar and paprika and sauté 1 minute. Using slotted spoon, transfer mixture to plate; leave drippings in skillet. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to drippings in skillet. Add sausage and cook over medium heat until browned and heated through, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes. Transfer sausage to plate with pepper mixture. Add wine to skillet; boil until reduced by half, scraping up browned bits, about 3 minutes. Return sausage and pepper mixture to skillet; stir in olives. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Place baguette quarters on each of 4 plates; fill with sausage mixture, spooning juices over each, and serve. Portuguese Sausage Sandwiches with Peppers, Onions, and Olives has 555.0 calories. Portuguese Sausage Sandwiches with Peppers, Onions, and Olives has 16.0 grams of protein. Portuguese Sausage Sandwiches with Peppers, Onions, and Olives has 44.0 grams of fat. Portuguese Sausage Sandwiches with Peppers, Onions, and Olives has 926.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Portuguese Sausage Sandwiches with Peppers, Onions, and Olives are 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 3 bell peppers (1 orange, 1 red, 1 green), thinly sliced into strips, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 pound fully cooked sausage, such as linguiça or kielbasa, cut in half lengthwise and crosswise into 6-inch-long pieces, 1 cup dry red wine, 2/3 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, 1 baguette, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into quarters.Linguiça is a garlic-flavored Portuguese sausage available at most supermarkets. Serve with: Frisée salad drizzled with a red wine vinaigrette.  Sandwich Olive Onion Sauté Quick & Easy Lunch Sausage Bell Pepper Red Wine Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.