Posole with Southern Greens, Chayote, Dried Cherries, and Pecans recipe. Drain the posole and place in a saucepan. Cover with the stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, or until the posole is tender. Drain and reserve the posole and cooking liquid separately. In a stockpot, heat the olive oil until lightly smoking. Add the onion and sauté for 1 minute over high heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute longer. Add the greens, chayotes, and 1 cup of the posole cooking liquid. Cover the pan, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for 20 minutes, or until the greens are tender. Remove the lid and ad the dried cherries, pecans, vinegar, and reserved posole. Cook over low heat, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Stir in the butter and season with salt. Serve immediately. Posole with Southern Greens, Chayote, Dried Cherries, and Pecans has 346.0 calories. Posole with Southern Greens, Chayote, Dried Cherries, and Pecans has 5.0 grams of protein. Posole with Southern Greens, Chayote, Dried Cherries, and Pecans has 25.0 grams of fat. Posole with Southern Greens, Chayote, Dried Cherries, and Pecans has 1795.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Posole with Southern Greens, Chayote, Dried Cherries, and Pecans are 1/2 cup dry posole, soaked overnight, 6 cups vegetable stock, homemade or store-bought, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 cup diced onions, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, and minced, 1 pound greens (such as mustard greens, collards, and/or Swiss chard), washed and roughly chopped, 2 chayotes, cut in half, pitted, and julienned, 1/2 cup dried cherries, 1/2 cup toasted chopped pecans, 1/4 cup cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt to taste.Posole is a thick, hearty stew typically containing corn and pork that originated in Jalisco, Mexico. Since I wanted to make this recipe vegetarian anyway, I decided to take it in an entirely new direction. The dried cherries may seem a little odd at first, but they lend a pleasant sweet-tartness to the dish while the pecans take it a bit deeper into the South. In the United States, we call the dried posole "hominy.".  Leafy Green Onion Vegetarian Cherry Pecan Winter Hominy Cornmeal Masa.