Pot Roast with Winter Root Vegetables recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix first 6 ingredients in small bowl. Rub spice blend all over beef. Cook bacon in heavy large ovenproof pot over medium heat until browned and lightly crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from pot. Increase heat to medium-high. Add beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 12 minutes total. Transfer beef to plate. Add red wine to pot; bring to boil, scraping up browned bits. Boil until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 5 minutes. Add broth and bacon. Place beef atop bacon. Scatter onions, shallots, garlic, and bay leaves around beef. Cover pot, transfer to oven, and roast 1 hour. Turn beef over; stir onions. Cover and roast 1 hour longer, adding water by 1/4 cupfuls if dry. Transfer beef to plate. Add carrots, parsnips, and celery to pot; stir to coat. Place beef atop vegetables, cover, and roast until beef and vegetables are tender, about 45 minutes longer. Transfer beef to platter. Spoon off fat from surface of sauce. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over beef and serve. Pot Roast with Winter Root Vegetables has 556.0 calories. Pot Roast with Winter Root Vegetables has 55.0 grams of protein. Pot Roast with Winter Root Vegetables has 21.0 grams of fat. Pot Roast with Winter Root Vegetables has 859.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pot Roast with Winter Root Vegetables are 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons Hungarian sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon (packed) golden brown sugar, 1 4-pound boneless grass-fed beef chuck roast, tied, 6 ounces slab bacon, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, then into 1x1/2-inch rectangles, 2 cups dry red wine, 1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 12 small shallots, peeled, 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 bay leaves, 4 large carrots (about 1 pound), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 3 medium parsnips (about 12 ounces), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 small celery root, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes. Beef Garlic Braise High Fiber Dinner Bacon Root Vegetable Red Wine Winter Shallot Bon Appétit Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.