Pot Roast in Rich Gravy recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. On a large plate mix together matzoh cake meal with 1 tablespoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Pat meat dry then coat with matzoh meal mixture, dusting off excess discard matzoh meal but reserve plate). Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a 6- to 7-quart-wide heavy pot over medium high heat until oil shimmers. Brown meat on all sides, totaling about 12 minutes. Transfer to plate. Reduce heat to medium and add onions, carrots, and parsnips to pot with 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables begin to soften and turn golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Add wine to pot and boil, scraping up any bits from bottom of pan until wine is reduced by half. Add chicken broth, tomatoes in juice, thyme, bay leaves, and cinnamon stick to pot and bring to a simmer. Return meat to pot and cover with lid. Place in oven and braise until meat is tender when pierced with a fork, about 3 hours. Transfer meat to a cutting board. Remove thyme sprigs, bay leaves, and cinnamon stick. Transfer 2 cups braising liquid to a blender and purée until smooth use caution when pureeing hot liquids). Stir pureed sauce into liquid in pot and adjust seasoning if necessary. Discard strings from meat and cut into thick slices it may fall apart as you slice it because it's so tender), then return meat to sauce and serve. Pot Roast in Rich Gravy has 516.0 calories. Pot Roast in Rich Gravy has 62.0 grams of protein. Pot Roast in Rich Gravy has 16.0 grams of fat. Pot Roast in Rich Gravy has 409.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pot Roast in Rich Gravy are 1/4 cup matzoh cake meal, 4 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, divided, 1 (4 1/2-to 5-pound) beef chuck roast, tied, 1 large onion (about 1 pound), coarsely chopped (2 cups), 2 large carrots (about 1/2 pound), coarsely chopped, 2 medium parsnips (about 1/2 pound), coarsely chopped, 2 cups full-bodied red wine, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 (28-ounce) can diced tomatoes in juice, 5 full sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 (3-inch long) cinnamon stick, Fresh horseradish root, peeled and finely grated for serving (optional), Special equipment: a 6- to 7-quart-wide heavy pot with lid.Brisket is the centerpiece of many holiday tables, but pot roast, cooked to succulent tenderness in a full-bodied braising liquid brightened with the tang of wine and tomato and enriched with a heady trio of cinnamon, bay leaf, and thyme is just as special without sacrificing tradition.  Wine Beef Onion Tomato Braise Passover Dinner Meat Carrot Parsnip Red Wine Family Reunion Potluck Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.