Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers recipe.  Heat the oil in a heavy pot wide enough to hold the artichokes with room to spare) over medium-high heat until it just begins to smoke. Stand the artichokes cut sides down in the oil, wait a minute, then reduce the heat to medium-low, sprinkle in the garlic and salt, and cook, without stirring, just until the garlic turns golden and smells toasty, about 3 minutes. Slowly pour in the wine, cover the pot, and cook, without stirring, at a vigorous simmer until you can insert a sharp knife into the thick artichoke bottoms with barely any resistance, about 25 minutes. Five minutes or so before they're fully tender, remove the lid and scatter on the capers. Raise the heat to medium-high, and bring the liquid to a boil. Cook until all the wine has evaporated the bubbling sound will become a sizzle), about 3 minutes. Add the mint and parsley and keep cooking the artichokes in the oil it's OK if a few of them tip over), until the cut sides of the artichokes are deep golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Lower the heat if necessary to prevent the artichokes from getting too dark. Arrange the artichokes prettily on a plate, and scoop the capers, oil, and slightly crispy herbs over top. Serve straightaway or at room temperature. Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers has 357.0 calories. Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers has 13.0 grams of protein. Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers has 14.0 grams of fat. Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers has 1145.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pot-Roasted Artichokes With White Wine and Capers are 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 3 1/2 pounds baby artichokes (about 18), turned (see below), 2 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 1/2 teaspoons Maldon or another flaky sea salt, 1 1/2 cups dry white wine, such as Sauvignon Blanc, 1 heaping tablespoon drained capers, A five-finger pinch of mint leaves (preferably black mint), torn at the last minute, A pinch of delicate flat-leaf parsley sprigs.One of the reasons I go giddy about springtime is artichokes, particularly the small ones with tips closed tightly, like a flower at night. Some home cooks are reluctant to fill their totes with artichokes, as they'll need to be turned—the barbed leaves plucked off and the other inedible bits trimmed away. I quite like the process. It's meditative and satisfying once you get the hang of it. In this dish, the fleshy artichokes get browned and crispy tops and look like strange, beautiful roses. The acidity in the white wine cuts through the rich, dense veg and, along with the salty pops from the capers, highlights the artichokes' unique herbaceousness.  Side Kid-Friendly Artichoke Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.