Potato, Carrot, and Zucchini Kugel recipe.  Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Combine 3 eggs, half of onions, and half of green onions in processor. Blend until mixture is almost smooth and fluffy. Add half of potatoes, half of carrots, and half of zucchini. Blend until vegetables are finely chopped bits of carrots and zucchini will remain). Transfer mixture to large bowl. Repeat with remaining 2 eggs, onions, and green onions, then potatoes, carrots, and zucchini. Add to mixture in bowl. Whisk in matzo meal, 2 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then 1/4 cup margarine. Brush remaining 1/4 cup margarine over bottom and sides of 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Place dish in oven until very hot, about 7 minutes. Pour kugel batter into hot dish. Bake until top is brown and crisp, about 1 hour. Cut kugel into squares; serve hot alongside brisket. Potato, Carrot, and Zucchini Kugel has 324.0 calories. Potato, Carrot, and Zucchini Kugel has 9.0 grams of protein. Potato, Carrot, and Zucchini Kugel has 15.0 grams of fat. Potato, Carrot, and Zucchini Kugel has 891.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Potato, Carrot, and Zucchini Kugel are 5 large eggs, 3 medium onions (1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds total), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, divided, 14 green onions, coarsely chopped, divided, 5 8-ounce russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes, divided, 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, divided, 1 large zucchini, trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces, divided, 1/2 cup unsalted matzo meal, 2 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 tablespoons melted unsalted pareve margarine, vegetable oil, or melted chicken fat, divided.Kugel is most often made with potatoes or noodles. Here, carrots, zucchini, and two kinds of onions add color and flavor to a potato version.  Food Processor Potato Side Bake Passover Vegetarian High Fiber Dinner Carrot Zucchini Kosher Kosher for Passover Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.