Potato, Leek, Gruyère and Oyster Mushroom Gratin recipe. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and sauté until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until mushrooms are tender and golden, about 3 minutes longer. Transfer mushroom mixture to bowl. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add leeks and thyme and sauté until leeks are tender and beginning to brown, about 8 minutes. Add leek mixture to bowl with mushrooms. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Whisk broth, cream, wine, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in large bowl to blend. Layer 1/3 of potatoes on bottom of prepared dish. Top with half of mushroom-leek mixture, then 3/4 cup cheese. Top with half of remaining potatoes. Pour half of cream mixture over. Top with remaining mushroom-leek mixture and 3/4 cup cheese. Cover with remaining potatoes. Pour remaining cream mixture over; sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake gratin uncovered until potatoes are tender and sauce bubbles thickly, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Let gratin stand 30 minutes before serving. Potato, Leek, Gruyère and Oyster Mushroom Gratin has 402.0 calories. Potato, Leek, Gruyère and Oyster Mushroom Gratin has 16.0 grams of protein. Potato, Leek, Gruyère and Oyster Mushroom Gratin has 21.0 grams of fat. Potato, Leek, Gruyère and Oyster Mushroom Gratin has 479.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Potato, Leek, Gruyère and Oyster Mushroom Gratin are 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter, 1 pound oyster mushrooms, halved if large, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 4 large), 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 3/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 3/4 cups whipping cream, 1/4 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 3/4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced into rounds (about 8 cups), 2 1/2 cups grated Gruyère cheese (about 10 ounces).A rich and elegant special-occasion dish.  Milk Cream Mushroom Potato Side Bake Casserole Gratin Leek White Wine Winter Swiss Cheese Bon Appétit.