Potato Gratin with Mustard and Cheddar Cheese recipe. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add breadcrumbs and stir until crumbs are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool crumbs Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and let stand at room temperature.) Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Butter 15x10x2-inch 4-quart) glass baking dish. Mix thyme, salt and pepper in small bowl. Combine grated cheddar cheese and flour in large bowl; toss to coat cheese. Arrange 1/3 of potatoes over bottom of prepared dish. Sprinkle 1/3 of thyme mixture, then 1/3 of cheese mixture over. Repeat layering of potatoes, thyme mixture and cheese mixture 2 more times. Whisk chicken broth, whipping cream and mustard in medium bowl to blend. Pour broth mixture over potatoes. Bake potatoes 30 minutes. Sprinkle buttered crumbs over. Bake until potatoes are tender and top is golden brown, about 1 hour longer. Let stand 15 minutes before serving. Potato Gratin with Mustard and Cheddar Cheese has 404.0 calories. Potato Gratin with Mustard and Cheddar Cheese has 17.0 grams of protein. Potato Gratin with Mustard and Cheddar Cheese has 18.0 grams of fat. Potato Gratin with Mustard and Cheddar Cheese has 817.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Potato Gratin with Mustard and Cheddar Cheese are 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup fresh white breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 pound sharp white cheddar cheese, grated, 1/4 cup all purpose flour, 5 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, thinly sliced, 4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 cup whipping cream, 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard.Cheese production increased in the nineteenth century when dairy cooperatives were formed in Minnesota and Wisconsin; now, that area of the country is known for making outstanding cheese. In this recipe, white cheddar goes into a rich and creamy potato gratin that is a great substitute for — or, at a particularly lavish feast, a fine accompaniment to — mashed potatoes.  Mustard Potato Side Bake Thanksgiving Casserole Gratin Cheddar Bon Appétit.