Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin recipe. Place grated potatoes and onion in large colander and drain well. Using hands, squeeze mixture to extract as much liquid as possible. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Mix in green onion and next 8 ingredients. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds and turmeric and stir 30 seconds. Stir into potato mixture. Cover and let stand 30 minutes to allow flavors to blend. Preheat oven to 250°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add scant 3 tablespoons potato mixture to skillet for each pancake; using spatula, flatten to about 4-inch rounds. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer pancakes to ovenproof dish; keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining potato mixture, adding more oil to skillet as necessary. Serve warm. Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin has 73.0 calories. Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin has 2.0 grams of protein. Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin has 1.0 grams of fat. Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin has 217.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Potato Pancakes with Chick-Pea Flour, Cilantro and Cumin are 2 1/2 pounds white potatoes, peeled, grated into enough cold water to cover, 1 large white onion, grated, 1/2 cup finely chopped green onion, 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1/2 cup chick-pea flour, 2 large eggs, beaten to blend, 1 1/2 tablespoons minced seeded jalapeño chili, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons (or more) vegetable oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric.Even though they are most often associated with the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah, potato pancakes have a year-round appeal. Here they are given a Middle Eastern twist with the addition of flour made from chick-peas - the dominant flavor in falafel - as well as chilis, herbs and spices. Pour a dry white wine. For dessert, present fruit and some halvah. Chick-pea flour is available at Middle Eastern and Indian markets.  Herb Onion Potato Appetizer Side Vegetarian Spice Pan-Fry Jalapeño Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.