Potato Pierogi with Cabbage and Bacon recipe.  Cook bacon in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden. Stir in cabbage and salt to taste and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes, or until cabbage is very tender and beginning to brown. Stir in vinegar and 1 tablespoon parsley. While cabbage is cooking, heat butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook pierogi until bottoms are golden. Turn pierogi over and add water to skillet. Simmer until water is evaporated and bottoms are golden, about 2 minutes. If pierogi are large, cook in 2 batches, using half of butter and water for each batch.) Stir in remaining tablespoon parsley. Serve potato pierogi over cabbage mixture. Potato Pierogi with Cabbage and Bacon has 1029.0 calories. Potato Pierogi with Cabbage and Bacon has 37.0 grams of protein. Potato Pierogi with Cabbage and Bacon has 49.0 grams of fat. Potato Pierogi with Cabbage and Bacon has 1228.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Potato Pierogi with Cabbage and Bacon are 4 bacon slices, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1/2 head cabbage, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar (optional), 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12- to 16-ounce package potato pierogi, thawed if frozen 1/2 cup water.In many parts of the country, pierogi, Eastern European dumplings, are sold fresh and frozen in supermarkets. Like premade egg rolls, they've become a convenience food for cooks with limited time. Served with the cabbage and bacon, they're all you need for dinner. These turnovers are typically deep-fried, or boiled and then panfried. Instead, we used a method often employed for cooking frozen Asian dumplings and found it works very well. If pierogi aren't sold in your supermarket, try a local Polish or Eastern European deli.  Leafy Green Onion Pork Potato Vegetable Meat Bacon Winter Pan-Fry Cabbage Gourmet.