Pressed Coppa Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe Pesto recipe.  Cook broccoli rabe in a large pot of boiling salted water until bright green, about 30 seconds; drain reserve pot). Transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain. Squeeze out water; cut into 1" pieces. Combine broccoli rabe, garlic, oil, and red pepper flakes in reserved pot. Cook over low heat, stirring often, until broccoli rabe is very soft, 40-50 minutes. Let pesto cool slightly. Mix in Pecorino and honey. Build sandwiches with bread, provolone, coppa, and broccoli rabe pesto. Brush a large skillet with oil; heat over mediumlow heat. Working in batches and brushing skillet with oil as needed, add sandwiches to pan, cover with foil, and place a heavy skillet on top. Cook until bread is toasted and cheese melts, 4-5 minutes per side you can also use a lightly oiled panini press). DO AHEAD: Pesto can be made 3 days ahead. Cover; chill. Pressed Coppa Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe Pesto has 696.0 calories. Pressed Coppa Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe Pesto has 38.0 grams of protein. Pressed Coppa Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe Pesto has 45.0 grams of fat. Pressed Coppa Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe Pesto has 1831.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Pressed Coppa Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe Pesto are 1 pound broccoli rabe (rapini; about 1 large bunch), Kosher salt, 6 garlic cloves, smashed, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1/2 cup finely grated Pecorino, 2 teaspoons honey, 8 slices country-style bread, 8 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese, 4 ounces thinly sliced sweet coppa or prosciutto, Olive oil (for skillet).When working with big flavors, you don't need big quantities. "There's something to be said for restraint," says chef Chris Kuziemko of Chicago's Publican Quality Meats, a butcher shop that uses house-cured meat to make incredible sandwiches. Take his lead and swap the grocery store cold cuts for a special cured meat like soppressata or prosciutto, and indulge in a quality cheese. You'll build something beautiful without having to supersize. Just be sure to balance all the bold notes: In this pulled-back panino, Kuziemko uses a sharp provolone to cut the fat and the slightly sweet flavor of the coppa, and honey to temper the spicy-bitter broccoli rabe pesto. Because when no single ingredient dominates, each one can shine.  Sandwich Cheese Garlic Lunch Ham Broccoli Rabe Bon Appétit Sandwich Theory Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.