Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Timbales with Mixed Greens recipe. Line six 2/3-cup ramekins with plastic wrap, leaving overhang. Line each ramekin with 2 slices prosciutto, overlapping in center and patching any holes with extra prosciutto. Stir goat cheese, cream cheese and 1/4 cup green onions in bowl until well blended. Season generously with pepper. Spoon into prepared ramekins, dividing equally. Fold prosciutto over to enclose. Fold plastic over to cover; press to compact. Chill overnight. Cook beans in medium pot of boiling salted water until just crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain; rinse with cold water and drain well. Pat dry. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Invert ramekins to release timbales. Peel off plastic. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add timbales, bottom side down. Cover; cook until cheese is just soft when top of timbale is pressed, about 5 minutes. Transfer to plate; let stand 1 hour to set up. Meanwhile, combine vinegar and shallots in small bowl. Slowly whisk in 1/2 cup oil. Season with salt and pepper. Combine greens, beans, 1/4 cup green onions and 2/3 cup dressing in large bowl; toss to coat. Divide salad among 6 plates. Top each with timbale. Drizzle some of remaining dressing over each. Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Timbales with Mixed Greens has 436.0 calories. Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Timbales with Mixed Greens has 21.0 grams of protein. Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Timbales with Mixed Greens has 37.0 grams of fat. Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Timbales with Mixed Greens has 1220.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Timbales with Mixed Greens are 12 to 16 thin slices prosciutto, 10 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (such as Montrachet), room temperature, 2 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1/2 cup chopped green onions, 8 ounces haricots verts or slender green beans, trimmed, cut crosswise in half, 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped shallots, 12 cups mixed baby greens.A great combination of flavors that makes an elegant first course--for brunch or for dinner. The timbales need to be chilled overnight, so begin preparing this dish a day before serving.  Salad Leafy Green Brunch Easter Lunch Goat Cheese Green Bean Spring Summer Prosciutto Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.