Prosciutto and Fig Panini recipe.  Bring 1 cup water, Port, figs, and rosemary to boil in small saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until mixture is reduced to generous 1 1/4 cups, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly. Puree in processor until smooth. do ahead Fig jam can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place onion rounds on rimmed baking sheet. Dot with butter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until tender and golden, about 45 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Spread about 1 1/2 tablespoons fig jam on bottom of each ciabatta roll. Top with onions, prosciutto, and cheese. Place roll top on each. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Cook panini in panini press according to manufacturer's instructions. Alternatively, heat heavy large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, place panini in skillet. Place large cast-iron or other heavy skillet atop panini. Fill skillet with bricks or large cans to weigh down. Cook until bottoms of rolls are golden, about 4 minutes. Remove top skillet and turn panini over, then place skillet atop panini. Cook until golden and cheese melts, about 4 minutes longer. Cut in half and serve. Prosciutto and Fig Panini has 523.0 calories. Prosciutto and Fig Panini has 22.0 grams of protein. Prosciutto and Fig Panini has 10.0 grams of fat. Prosciutto and Fig Panini has 1214.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Prosciutto and Fig Panini are 1 cup water, 1 cup Port, 1 cup (lightly packed) dried black Mission figs (about 7 ounces), stemmed, halved, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, 2 medium red onions, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, 2 tablespoons chilled butter, diced, 8 ciabatta rolls, halved horizontally, 8 thin slices prosciutto (3 to 4 ounces), 7 ounces shaved Asiago cheese.This pressed sandwich creates an appetizing balance between sweet and savory with the addition of prosciutto and dried figs.  Bread Sandwich Cheese Onion Roast High Fiber Oscars Lunch Dried Fruit Fig Port Poker Game Night Prosciutto Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.