Puff Pastry Pinwheels with Candied Fruit recipe.  Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Sprinkle work surface generously with additional sugar; place 1 puff pastry sheet on sugared surface. Cut sheet in half, forming two 9 1/2x4 1/2-inch rectangles. Brush each rectangle generously with some of melted butter, leaving 1-inch plain border along 1 long side of each. Sprinkle buttered part of each rectangle with 1 1/2 tablespoons spiced sugar. Scatter 1/2 cup candied fruit over spiced sugar on each. Brush border of each with egg. Starting at long side opposite glazed border, tightly roll up each rectangle, pressing firmly to seal long edges. Wrap each log separately in plastic. Repeat with remaining pastry sheet, butter, spiced sugar, candied fruit, and egg to create 2 more logs. Chill logs until firm, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day. Position 1 rack in center and second rack in top third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using serrated knife, cut 2 logs into 1/2-inch-thick rounds keep remaining 2 logs chilled). Arrange rounds on prepared sheets, spacing 1 inch apart. Bake 12 minutes, then reverse position of sheets and bake until cookies are golden brown, about 12 minutes longer. Cool cookies on sheets on racks 5 minutes. Using spatula, transfer cookies to racks, bottom side up. Cool completely. Repeat slicing and baking with remaining 2 logs. Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight between sheets of waxed paper.) Puff Pastry Pinwheels with Candied Fruit has 82.0 calories. Puff Pastry Pinwheels with Candied Fruit has 1.0 grams of protein. Puff Pastry Pinwheels with Candied Fruit has 4.0 grams of fat. Puff Pastry Pinwheels with Candied Fruit has 22.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Puff Pastry Pinwheels with Candied Fruit are 1/2 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Additional sugar, 1 17.3-ounce package frozen puff pastry (2 sheets), thawed, 1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups chopped mixed candied fruit (such as glacéed pineapple, cherries, orange peel, and sweetened dried cranberries), 1 egg, beaten to blend.These cookies are best enjoyed the same day they are made.  Cookies Bake Dried Fruit Spice Winter Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Bon Appétit.