Quail with Pomegranate Jus recipe. Combine shallots, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, 2 tablespoons pomegranate juice, 2 teaspoons tarragon, and 1/8 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add quail, tossing gently to coat, then marinate, covered and chilled, at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. Remove quail from marinade, scraping off shallots and reserving marinade, then pat quail dry with paper towels and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides. Cook 4 quail, turning over once, until browned and just cooked through, about 5 minutes total. Quail will be rare.) Transfer cooked quail to a serving dish and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Cook remaining 4 quail in remaining 2 tablespoons butter in same manner, transferring to serving dish. Add reserved marinade to skillet and cook over moderately high heat, scraping up any brown bits with a wooden spoon, until shallots are just softened, about 4 minutes. Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons pomegranate juice and season with salt, then spoon over quail. Sprinkle with pomegranate seeds and remaining teaspoon tarragon. To juice a pomegranate, cut in half crosswise, then use a manual or electric juicer. Alternatively, remove seeds from pomegranate and pulse seeds in a food processor until juicy, then transfer seeds to a sieve and drain, pressing on and then discarding solids. Quail with Pomegranate Jus has 560.0 calories. Quail with Pomegranate Jus has 44.0 grams of protein. Quail with Pomegranate Jus has 38.0 grams of fat. Quail with Pomegranate Jus has 381.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Quail with Pomegranate Jus are 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallots (2 medium), 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 cup fresh or bottled pomegranate juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 3/8 teaspoon salt, 8 semiboneless quail, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, 1/3 cup fresh pomegranate seeds (from 1 pomegranate).Good things do come in small packages. This quail is tender and juicy, and the marinade gives it a spicy sweetness. Best of all, you won't believe how easy it is—marinate, then it's less than 20 minutes between you and an elegant, delicious meal that's sure to impress.  Fruit Game Poultry Marinate Christmas Dinner Quail Fall Pomegranate Gourmet Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.