Quick Double-Chocolate Sheet Cake recipe. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease and line a 11 x 7 x 2-inch baking pan. In a large bowl, place the softened butter, sugar, eggs, and dissolved cocoa. Sift over the flour and baking powder. Using a hand mixer, beat the mixture until it is pale and creamy, about 2 minutes. Using a metal spoon, fold in the chocolate chips. Turn the mixture into the greased pan and spread it out evenly. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until risen and springy to the touch. Cool slightly before turning out onto a wire rack. Once the cake is cool, in a bowl, place all the frosting ingredients and, using the hand mixer, beat together well. Spread over the cake. Run a fork across the surface of the frosting to create a wavy pattern of lines. Quick Double-Chocolate Sheet Cake has 426.0 calories. Quick Double-Chocolate Sheet Cake has 5.0 grams of protein. Quick Double-Chocolate Sheet Cake has 24.0 grams of fat. Quick Double-Chocolate Sheet Cake has 250.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Quick Double-Chocolate Sheet Cake are 3/4 cup plus 2 1/2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 cup superfine sugar, 4 large eggs, 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa, dissolved in 3 to 4 tablespoons boiling water to make a smooth paste, 1 2/3 cups less 1 tablespoon self-rising flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 3 1/2 ounces semisweet chocolate chips chocolate buttons, smarties, or fresh raspberries, to decorate, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa, dissolved in 2 tablespoons boiling water to make a paste, 5 1/2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 2/3 cups confectioners' sugar.Pooh, my mother-in-law, makes the best easy family-style chocolate cake, which we persuade her to make whenever there's a birthday! Her secret is dissolving the cocoa in boiling water before adding it. If you prefer, you can divide this among two round cake pans and fill.  Cake Chocolate Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Birthday Family Reunion Party Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.