Quick-Marinated Skirt Steak with Sriracha Potatoes and Spinach recipe.  Place a rimmed baking sheet in oven and preheat oven to 450°F. In a large bowl, toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Spread in a single layer on pre-heated baking sheet, and roast until golden brown and tender, tossing halfway through, about 20 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk together 2 tablespoons oil, 1/4 cup soy sauce, chile paste, and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Add steaks, turning to coat them in the marinade, and let stand at room temperature for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil and let oil heat briefly. Working in batches if necessary, sear steaks until medium rare, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove steaks from skillet and transfer to a cutting board or plate to rest, reserving skillet. Add broth and remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce to skillet over medium-high heat, scraping bottom of skillet to deglaze the pan. Add spinach to the skillet and cover; cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. In a medium bowl, mix mayonnaise and sriracha. Divide spinach among four plates and top with steak; serve potatoes alongside, drizzled with sriracha mayo and garnished with bonito flakes, if desired. Quick-Marinated Skirt Steak with Sriracha Potatoes and Spinach has 991.0 calories. Quick-Marinated Skirt Steak with Sriracha Potatoes and Spinach has 13.0 grams of protein. Quick-Marinated Skirt Steak with Sriracha Potatoes and Spinach has 27.0 grams of fat. Quick-Marinated Skirt Steak with Sriracha Potatoes and Spinach has 1853.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Quick-Marinated Skirt Steak with Sriracha Potatoes and Spinach are 1 pound small fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, such as grapeseed, divided, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce, divided, 1/4 cup hot chile paste, such as sambal oelek, 1 1/2 pounds skirt steak, cut into four equal-sized pieces, 1/4 cup chicken or vegetable broth, 1 1/2 pounds spinach, trimmed if needed, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Sriracha paste, Bonito flakes, for serving (optional).Roasted potatoes are pretty delicious all by themselves. But they're even better when you douse them with spicy mayo and a shower of umami-packed bonito flakes. You've probably seen these pink, feathery-looking shavings of smoked tuna in the ethnic section of the supermarket—and they're well worth taking home for this Asian take on surf and turf.  Potato Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Dinner Steak Spinach Soy Sauce 22-Minute Meals Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.