Quinoa Salad with Kale, Pine Nuts, and Parmesan recipe. In a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and sauté, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the quinoa and sauté, stirring, until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the water and kale, stirring to combine. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, until the quinoa is tender and the water has been absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and let cool. Stir occasionally to bring the warmer part of the mixture up from the bottom. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and mustard until smooth. Add a pinch each of salt and pepper. Slowly add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, whisking continuously to emulsify the dressing. Drizzle the dressing over the cooled quinoa mixture. Stir in the pine nuts and Parmesan cheese and season to taste with additional salt and pepper. Cover and chill completely, 2 to 3 hours. Stir just before serving to fluff the salad and break up any clumps. Quinoa Salad with Kale, Pine Nuts, and Parmesan has 427.0 calories. Quinoa Salad with Kale, Pine Nuts, and Parmesan has 15.0 grams of protein. Quinoa Salad with Kale, Pine Nuts, and Parmesan has 23.0 grams of fat. Quinoa Salad with Kale, Pine Nuts, and Parmesan has 135.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Quinoa Salad with Kale, Pine Nuts, and Parmesan are 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 small onion, minced, 2 cups white quinoa, rinsed, 1 1/2 cups water, 3 cups chopped kale (about 12 ounces), 1/3 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/2 cup toasted pine nuts, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 1/2 ounces), kosher salt and black pepper, N/A.We love the way Dijon mustard enhances the similarly assertive flavor of the kale, while mellow pine nuts and Parmesan cheese balance it out. You can make this salad a day ahead; the flavors develop and deepen with a little extra time in the fridge. It's also delicious served warm or at room temperature.  Salad Cheese Dairy Leafy Green Vegetable Vegetarian Lunch Parmesan Pine Nut Quinoa Kale Healthy Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.