Quinoa with Grilled Zucchini, Garbanzo Beans, and Cumin recipe. Combine garbanzo beans and lemon juice in large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons oil; press in garlic and stir to combine. Let marinate at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric, and 1/2 teaspoon paprika; stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups water, quinoa, and coarse salt; bring to simmer, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until all water is absorbed, about 16 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare barbecue medium high heat). Place zucchini on rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle with ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric, and 1/2 teaspoon paprika. Toss to coat evenly. Place zucchini on grill; sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Grill until tender and browned on all sides, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to work surface. Cut crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. Add zucchini, green onions, and parsley, then garbanzo bean mixture to quinoa. Toss to blend. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. *Sometimes labeled Pimentón Dulce or Pimentón de La Vera Dulce; available at some supermarkets, at specialty foods stores, and from tienda.com. **A grain with a flavor and texture similar to couscous; available at natural foods stores. The ingredients of Quinoa with Grilled Zucchini, Garbanzo Beans, and Cumin are 1 15-ounce can garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon turmeric, divided, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika,* divided, 2 cups water, 1 cup quinoa (about 6 ounces),** rinsed well, drained, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 1 1/2 pounds medium zucchini (about 5), trimmed, quartered lengthwise, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley. Side Marinate Picnic Vegetarian Low Cal High Fiber Dinner Quinoa Spice Chickpea Zucchini Fall Summer Grill Barbecue Low Cholesterol Vegan Bon Appétit.