Quinoa with Corn, Scallions, and Mint recipe.  Put corn in a 5- to 6-quart wide pot, then add water to cover and bring to a boil, covered. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Transfer corn with tongs to a cutting board. When cool enough to handle, cut kernels off cobs with a large heavy knife. Meanwhile, whisk together lemon zest and juice, butter, honey, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Wash quinoa in 3 changes of cold water in a bowl, draining in a large sieve each time. Cook quinoa in a 4- to 5-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until almost tender, about 10 minutes. Drain in sieve, then set sieve over same pot with 1 inch of simmering water water should not touch bottom of sieve). Cover quinoa with a folded kitchen towel, then cover sieve with a lid don't worry if lid doesn't fit tightly) and steam until quinoa is tender, fluffy, and dry, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand still covered) 5 minutes. Add quinoa to dressing and toss until dressing is absorbed, then stir in corn, scallions, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Quinoa with Corn, Scallions, and Mint has 227.0 calories. Quinoa with Corn, Scallions, and Mint has 7.0 grams of protein. Quinoa with Corn, Scallions, and Mint has 8.0 grams of fat. Quinoa with Corn, Scallions, and Mint has 156.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Quinoa with Corn, Scallions, and Mint are 4 ears corn, shucked, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh lemon zest (from 2 lemons), 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon mild honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 2 cups quinoa (about 10 oz), 4 scallions, chopped, 1/2 cup chopped fresh mint.Steamed quinoa has an unbelievably light and fluffy texture. If you can get fresh-picked corn, you can add it to the salad raw—even without cooking, the kernels will be sweet and tender.  Side Mint Quinoa Corn Healthy Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.