Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs recipe.  Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until hot, at least 2 minutes. Meanwhile, pat lamb dry and rub meat all over with salt and pepper. Add oil to hot skillet, then brown racks, in 2 batches if necessary, on all sides not ends), about 10 minutes per batch. Transfer racks to a small 13- by 9-inch) roasting pan. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Stir together garlic, herbs, salt, pepper, and oil. Coat meaty parts of lamb with herb mixture, pressing to help adhere. Roast 15 minutes, then cover lamb loosely with foil and roast until thermometer inserted diagonally into center of meat registers 120°F, 5 to 10 minutes more. Let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Internal temperature will rise to 125 to 130°F for medium-rare while lamb stands.) Cut each rack into 4 double chops. Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs has 507.0 calories. Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs has 27.0 grams of protein. Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs has 43.0 grams of fat. Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs has 721.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rack of Lamb with Garlic and Herbs are 2 (8-rib) frenched racks of lamb (each rack 1 1/2 lb), trimmed of all but a thin layer of fat, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 3/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1/2 head new garlic or 3 large regular garlic cloves, minced, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer.Herb-and-bread-crumb coatings are classic on rack of lamb, but leaving out the crumbs lightens the dish (and the juicy chops taste more summery as a result). This recipe is best made with new garlic — garlic that has not been aged. It is covered with a moist membrane rather than papery skin and is often sold with greens attached. If you're lucky enough to find some, substitute 1/4 cup chopped garlic greens for half of the parsley in the herb mixture.  Herb Lamb Roast Summer Gourmet.