Radicchio Salad With Caramelized Carrots and Onions recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing halfway through, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes; set aside. Cook carrots, 2 Tbsp. oil, 1 Tbsp. thyme, 1 tsp. salt, 1/4 tsp. red pepper, and 1 cup water in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until water is evaporated, about 15 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until carrots are lightly browned and tender, about 5 minutes more. Meanwhile, heat 2 Tbsp. oil in another large skillet over medium-high. Add onions, 1 tsp. salt, and remaining 1 Tbsp. thyme and 1/4 tsp. red pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are lightly browned and tender, 10–12 minutes. Whisk garlic, vinegar, orange juice, honey, and remaining 1/4 cup oil and 3/4 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Add carrot mixture, onion mixture, radicchio, orange slices, and parsley and toss to coat. Top with reserved almonds. Radicchio Salad With Caramelized Carrots and Onions has 284.0 calories. Radicchio Salad With Caramelized Carrots and Onions has 5.0 grams of protein. Radicchio Salad With Caramelized Carrots and Onions has 17.0 grams of fat. Radicchio Salad With Caramelized Carrots and Onions has 756.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Radicchio Salad With Caramelized Carrots and Onions are 1/2 cup sliced almonds, 2 pounds carrots, cut into 4x1/2" sticks, 1/2 cup olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons thyme leaves, divided, 2 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, divided, 2 medium red onions, cut into 1/2" wedges, 2 garlic cloves, finely grated, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 large or 2 small heads radicchio (about 11 ounces), leaves separated and cut into medium pieces, 4 oranges, peeled, sliced into 1/2" half moons, 2 cups parsley leaves.It's all about the contrast in flavors, textures, and colors in this hearty winter side featuring naturally sweet pan-roasted carrots, refreshing oranges, and pleasantly bitter radicchio.  Christmas Christmas Eve Hanukkah Winter Radicchio Salad Almond Carrot Orange Juice Parsley Wheat Gluten-Free Vegetarian Side Dinner.