Ramen with Smoked Turkey Broth recipe. Heat oil in a large stockpot over medium. Cook onion, garlic, lemongrass, ginger, jalapeño, and cilantro stems, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add wings and 10 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until turkey meat is tender, 45–60 minutes. Strain into a large saucepan; reserve wings. Add hon-dashi and soy sauce to broth, adding more to taste if needed. Cover and keep warm. Pick meat from wings and set aside. Broth can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill broth and meat separately. Cook bok choy in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Transfer to a colander with a slotted spoon. Return water to a gentle boil and carefully lower eggs into water; cook 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool. Peel and halve lengthwise. Return water to a boil and cook spaghetti, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain, then toss with sesame oil in a large bowl. Divide spaghetti among bowls. Ladle in broth and add kimchi, bok choy, eggs, and reserved turkey meat. Top with mushrooms, sprouts, and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges. The ingredients of Ramen with Smoked Turkey Broth are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 lemongrass stalk, tough outer layers removed, chopped, 1 1" piece ginger, peeled, sliced, 1/2 jalapeño, sliced, 1 handful cilantro stems, 2 pounds smoked turkey wings, 1 tablespoon (or more) hon-dashi (bonito stock powder), 1 tablespoon (or more) soy sauce, 2 baby bok choy, quartered, Kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 12 ounces spaghetti, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 cup kimchi, Enoki mushrooms, mung bean sprouts, cilantro leaves with tender stems, and lime wedges (for serving), Hon-dashi can be found at Japanese markets and many supermarkets..Check your authenticity meter at the door: This is the speediest, least traditional—and most fun—ramen ever invented.  Soup Stew Pasta turkey Kid-Friendly Healthy Low Cholesterol Boil Bon Appétit Mississippi.