Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander recipe.  Preheat oven to 425°F. Mix buttermilk and ramps in small bowl. Mix flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper in processor. Add chilled butter to processor; using on/off turns, cut in butter until fine meal forms. Transfer flour mixture to medium bowl. Add buttermilk mixture; stir until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and press out to 7-inch round, about 1/2 inch thick. Using 2-inch-diameter biscuit cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional rounds. Transfer dough rounds to baking sheet. Brush biscuit tops with some of egg glaze. Sprinkle with cracked coriander seeds. Bake biscuits until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on rack. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature. Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander has 124.0 calories. Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander has 3.0 grams of protein. Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander has 6.0 grams of fat. Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander has 244.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ramp and Buttermilk Biscuits with Cracked Coriander are 3/4 cup chilled buttermilk, 3/4 cup thinly sliced trimmed ramps (bulbs, stems, and green tops), 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 large egg, beaten to blend (for glaze), 1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds, cracked.The easiest way to crack the coriander seeds is to put them in a heavy-duty plastic bag and pass over them with a rolling pin. For a great sandwich, split a biscuit and fill it with sliced ham or smoked salmon.  Bread Food Processor Brunch Side Bake Easter Low Cal Spring Coriander Buttermilk Green Onion Scallion Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.