Red Snapper with Potatoes, Tomatoes and Red Wine recipe.  Steam potatoes until almost tender, about 8 minutes. Cool. Melt butter with 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Mix in 3 tablespoons oil and garlic. Add potatoes; cook 2 minutes. Mix in red wine. Boil until almost no liquid remains, about 4 minutes. Add stock, tomatoes with juices and oregano and bring to boil. Add olives; boil until liquid thickens slightly and potatoes are very tender, about 12 minutes. Mix in 3 tablespoons parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in each of 2 heavy large nonstick skillets over medium-high heat. Add fish fillets and sauté until just opaque in center, about 3 minutes per side. Arrange potatoes in center of each of 6 plates. Spoon some sauce over. Top with fish. Spoon remaining sauce over fish. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon parsley. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and serve. Red Snapper with Potatoes, Tomatoes and Red Wine has 626.0 calories. Red Snapper with Potatoes, Tomatoes and Red Wine has 48.0 grams of protein. Red Snapper with Potatoes, Tomatoes and Red Wine has 27.0 grams of fat. Red Snapper with Potatoes, Tomatoes and Red Wine has 313.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Red Snapper with Potatoes, Tomatoes and Red Wine are 4 large Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 1 tablespoon butter, 9 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 3 small onions, sliced, 8 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 cups chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 14-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/3 cup Kalamata olives or other brine-cured black olives, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 6 7-ounce red snapper or blackfish fillets.Complete the menu with a salad of romaine, fresh dill and a lemon vinaigrette. St. George — a slightly spicy dry red wine from Greek vintner George Skouras — is nice with the fish; Pinot Noir would also work well.  Garlic Olive Potato Tomato Sauté Snapper Red Wine Healthy Bon Appétit.