Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette recipe. Bring beets, star anise, verjus, salt, and 1 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook beets, adding water as needed to keep them covered, until tender, 30–40 minutes. Let cool. Remove beets from brine with a slotted spoon and rub with paper towels to remove skins. Set beets aside. Reserve brine separately. Beets can be pickled 3 days ahead. Return beets to brine; cover and chill. Toast pumpkin seeds in a dry small skillet over medium-high heat, tossing occasionally, until golden brown and puffed, about 3 minutes. Let cool. Process anchovies, garlic, Parmesan, basil, oil, lemon juice, and 2 pickled beets in a food processor until smooth; season with salt and pepper. With motor running, thin vinaigrette with reserved brine to a pourable consistency. Add pumpkin seeds and pulse until coarsely ground. To serve, spoon some vinaigrette into a shallow bowl and arrange fruits and vegetables of choice on top. Season with salt and pepper. Vinaigrette can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette has 455.0 calories. Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette has 12.0 grams of protein. Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette has 37.0 grams of fat. Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette has 1410.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Red Salad with Pickled Beet Vinaigrette are 6 baby red beets, trimmed, scrubbed, 2 whole star anise pods, 2 cups verjus, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons raw pumpkin seeds (pepitas), 2 anchovy fillets packed in oil, 1 garlic clove, finely grated, 1/3 cup grated Parmesan, 1/4 cup basil leaves, 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, Mixed red and purple raw fruits and vegetables (such as tomatoes, plums, berries, radishes, beets, rainbow carrots, and watermelon), halved, sliced, and/or cut into wedges, Verjus is a tart juice made from unripe grapes. You can find it at specialty foods stores and online..The colorcoded salad is one of Babylonstoren's signature dishes and always features a mix of fruits and vegetables on the same plate. Engelbrecht says produce that looks good together tastes great together, too, and she's developed specific vinaigrettes to complement the red, yellow, and green options.  Salad Fruit Vegetable Side Low Fat Kid-Friendly Low Cal Lunch Healthy Low Cholesterol Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.