Red Bell Pepper, Raisin and Olive Stuffing recipe. Melt butter in large pot over medium-high heat. Add next 5 ingredients. Sauté until onions are tender, about 6 minutes. Add raisins and olives; sauté 5 minutes. Vegetable mixture can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Combine vegetable mixture and bread cubes in large bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Loosely fill main cavity with stuffing. Add enough broth to remaining stuffing to moisten lightly about 1/4 to 1/2 cup, depending on amount of remaining stuffing). Generously butter glass baking dish. Spoon remaining stuffing into prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil, buttered side down. Bake stuffing in dish alongside turkey until heated through, about 25 to 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is slightly crisp and golden, about 15 to 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Add enough broth to stuffing to moisten about 3/4 to 1 cup). Transfer stuffing to prepared dish. Cover with butter foil, buttered side down; bake until heated through, about 30 to 35 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is slightly crisp and golden, about 20 to 25 minutes longer. Red Bell Pepper, Raisin and Olive Stuffing has 366.0 calories. Red Bell Pepper, Raisin and Olive Stuffing has 8.0 grams of protein. Red Bell Pepper, Raisin and Olive Stuffing has 18.0 grams of fat. Red Bell Pepper, Raisin and Olive Stuffing has 346.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Red Bell Pepper, Raisin and Olive Stuffing are 1 cup (2 sticks) butter, 3 cups chopped red bell peppers, 2 1/2 cups chopped green onions, 1 1/2 cups chopped fresh Italian parsley, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 1/4 cups raisins, 1/2 cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives or other black olives, 12 cups 1/3-inch cubes trimmed country-style white bread, Canned low-salt chicken broth.Sicilian cooking is hot right now, so we've taken some of its classic, assertive ingredients and put them into a hearty stuffing. It's something new for the turkey.  Olive Onion Pepper Side Bake Thanksgiving Stuffing Dressing Raisin Parsley Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.