Red Curry of Lobster and Pineapple recipe.  Simmer 1/4 cup of the coconut milk in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat for 5 minutes, or until the oil separates from the milk. Stir in the curry paste and cook for 1 minute. Add the fish sauce and sugar and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly, or until the mixture darkens and thickens. Add the green beans and stir to coat. Add the remaining coconut milk and stir to scrape up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Stir in the ginger, lime leaves, and tamarind paste. Add the pineapple and simmer for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until the sauce reduces and thickens slightly and the beans are crisp-tender. Add the lobster and basil leaves and cook for 4 minutes, or until the lobster is just cooked through. Discard the ginger and lime leaves. Season the curry with salt to taste. Transfer one half lobster tail to each warmed serving bowl, and spoon the curry over it. Serve the steamed rice on the side. Red Curry of Lobster and Pineapple has 363.0 calories. Red Curry of Lobster and Pineapple has 23.0 grams of protein. Red Curry of Lobster and Pineapple has 23.0 grams of fat. Red Curry of Lobster and Pineapple has 1650.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Red Curry of Lobster and Pineapple are One 14-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons red curry paste, 1 1/2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla), 1 (packed) tablespoon grated palm sugar (jaggery) or light brown sugar, 8 ounces Chinese long beans or green beans, ends trimmed, 4 slices peeled fresh ginger, 2 kaffir lime leaves or grated zest of 1 lime, 1 1/2 teaspoons tamarind paste, 1 1/2 cups bite-size cubes peeled fresh pineapple (about 1/4 of a pineapple), Two 8-ounce uncooked lobster tails in the shell, split lengthwise, 1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, Salt, Hot steamed rice, for serving.This curry is doubly rich from the coconut milk and the deep red curry, but the pineapple keeps it from being too heavy and gives a beautiful freshness to the dish. I like to cook the lobster in the shell because it makes for a more flavorful sauce, and I like to serve it that way too. You can be as refined as you like or, like me, pick up the shell and make an animal of yourself. If lobster is going to blow the budget, you can still have a delicious curry by substituting shrimp or monkfish.  Shellfish Dinner Tropical Fruit Pineapple Seafood Lobster Curry Green Bean Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.