Red-Braised Pork with Fresh Pineapple recipe. In a carbon-steel, stainless-steel, or coated aluminum wok, heat the oil over high heat until just smoking. Add the pork in three batches and brown on all sides. Remove the meat to a plate. Add the ginger and scallions, and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Return the pork to the pan. Reduce the heat to medium and add the tangerine peel, five-spice powder, sherry, soy sauce, sugar, and water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, then cover and simmer for 30 minutes. The dish may be prepared up to this point and frozen. Add the pineapple chunks and continue cooking for another 15 to 20 minutes, until the meat is tender when pricked with a fork. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pork and pineapple to a serving platter. Add the cornstarch mixture to the sauce, bring to a boil, and cook for 1 minute, until the sauce thickens. Pour the sauce over the pork and serve. Red-Braised Pork with Fresh Pineapple has 516.0 calories. Red-Braised Pork with Fresh Pineapple has 41.0 grams of protein. Red-Braised Pork with Fresh Pineapple has 31.0 grams of fat. Red-Braised Pork with Fresh Pineapple has 653.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Red-Braised Pork with Fresh Pineapple are 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 pounds pork butt, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 scallions (green and white parts), minced, 1-inch piece of dried tangerine peel, 1/2 teaspoon five-spice powder, 1/2 cup dry sherry, 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup water, 1 small pineapple, peeled and cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons cold water."Wonderful!" was the comment scribbled in the margin of this recipe when my friend and colleague, Donna Adams, tested it. The dish improves if prepared ahead of time and reheated. The pork freezes very well, but the pineapple does not, so add the fruit just before serving. You must use fresh pineapple, as the acidity of the fresh fruit provides the balance needed in the sauce. Serve this dish with white rice.  Wok Fruit Pork Soy Braise Dinner Pineapple Spice Soy Sauce.