Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata recipe. Put beans in a large saucepan with enough water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, then boil 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 1 hour. Drain well. Cook onion, garlic, chiles, Cubanelles, recao, and sun-dried tomatoes in oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 12 minutes. Add bay leaf and pimentón and cook, stirring, 2 minutes, then add beans and water and simmer, covered, until beans are very tender, 11/2 to 2 hours. Discard bay leaf. Purée soup in batches in a blender use caution when blending hot liquids). Reheat over medium-low heat. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in lemon juice. Stir together zest, garlic, and parsley. Serve soup sprinkled with gremolata and drizzled with oil. Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata has 277.0 calories. Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata has 15.0 grams of protein. Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata has 7.0 grams of fat. Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata has 47.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Red-Bean Soup with Gremolata are 1 (1-pound) bag dried red kidney beans, picked over and rinsed, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, chopped, 4 fresh ají dulce chiles, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 2 Cubanelle peppers (Italian green frying peppers), seeded and chopped, 1/2 cup chopped recao (culantro) or cilantro leaves, 1/4 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes (preferably oil-packed), drained, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling, 1 Turkish or 1/2 California bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon sweet piment&ocute;n (smoked paprika), 2 1/2 quarts water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley, 2 1/2 quarts water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice.Latin-food authority Maricel Presilla describes sofrito—the sautéed mix of aromatic vegetables that is the bedrock of this vegetarian soup—as the DNA of the Latin kitchen because it carries a basic flavor code. There's onion and garlic, to be sure, but also tomatoes and various herbs, spices, and chiles, depending on the region. For this red-bean soup, we were inspired specifically by Puerto Rico, as evidenced by recao (an herb similar to cilantro) and by chiles that are fruity rather than hot. Just for fun, we included a last-minute sprinkling of Italian gremolata for brightness.  Soup Stew Bean Garlic Vegetarian Dinner Lunch Lemon Cilantro Parsley Paprika Gourmet.