Redeye Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans recipe. Preheat oven to 300°F. Pat lamb shanks dry and season with salt. In a heavy ovenproof kettle large enough to hold shanks tightly in one layer heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and brown shanks in 2 batches, transferring to a plate. Add beans to kettle and top with shanks. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat, without stirring. Braise shank mixture, covered, in middle of oven 3 hours, or until lamb and beans are very tender. Alternatively, brown shanks in a large heavy skillet in same manner, transferring to a 17- by 11-inch roasting pan. Put beans around shanks and scatter mixture with vegetables and bacon. In a saucepan bring 4 cups water and coffee to a boil. Deglaze skillet with about 1 cup coffee mixture, scraping up brown bits, and add to shank mixture with remaining ingredients. Cover pan with foil and braise in same manner. Shank mixture may be prepared up to this point 2 days ahead, cooled, uncovered, and chilled, covered. Reheat shank mixture in middle of a preheated 350°F. oven, covered, 30 minutes, or until heated through, before proceeding. Transfer shanks and beans with a slotted spoon to a heated platter, discarding bouquet garni and bay leaves, and bring braising liquid to a boil. If using roasting pan, pour braising liquid into a large saucepan and bring to a boil.) Boil braising liquid until thickened slightly, about 5 minutes, and pour over shanks and beans. Redeye Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans has 1295.0 calories. Redeye Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans has 104.0 grams of protein. Redeye Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans has 73.0 grams of fat. Redeye Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans has 444.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Redeye Braised Lamb Shanks and Beans are 6 lamb shanks (about 1 pound each), 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound dried kidney beans (about 2 1/4 cups), picked over, 1 large onion, chopped fine, 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine, 1 large carrot, cut into 1/4-inch dice, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 4 cups water plus 2 cups additional if not using coffee, 2 cups brewed coffee if desired, a bouquetgarni composed of 5 fresh parsley sprigs, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, and 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, tied, 2 bay leaves, 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes.Redeye gravy is traditionally made from ham drippings, water, and coffee, the last being an optional ingredient. Here we've enriched the savory braising liquid from lamb shanks with bacon (instead of ham drippings) for a new twist on an old favorite.  Coffee Bean Garlic Herb Lamb Onion Braise Bacon Bell Pepper Carrot Winter Gourmet.