Republic of the Rio Grande Grilled Tuna and Grapefruit Supreme Salad recipe. Peel and segment 2 grapefruits; set aside. Squeeze the juice from the other half grapefruit into a measuring cup; it should yield about 1/4 cup of juice. To make the salad dressing, combine the grapefruit juice, vinegar, oil, garlic, salt, freshly ground black pepper to taste, and minced jalapeño in a medium bowl; mix well. Cover and refrigerate the salad dressing. Place the tuna steaks in a shallow dish. Pour 1 tablespoon of dressing over each piece of tuna. Turn the tuna in the marinade to coat. Cover with plastic wrap, or place all of the tuna steaks and marinade in a plastic bag, and refrigerate for 1 hour. Light the grill. Remove the tuna from the refrigerator and allow to come to room temperature. Grill for about 4 minutes per inch of thickness for rare, 6 minutes for medium or until done to taste, turning at least once. To serve, toss the greens with the salad dressing in a mixing bowl. Divide the dressed greens among 4 plates. Top each with a grilled tuna steak, then sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper. Spread grapefruit supremes over the top of the salad. Garnish with the cilantro and red onion slices. The ingredients of Republic of the Rio Grande Grilled Tuna and Grapefruit Supreme Salad are 2 1/2 Texas red grapefruits, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 3/4 cup olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1/4 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon minced jalapeño pepper, or hot pepper sauce, 4 tuna steaks, 6 to 8 ounces each, 6 cups mixed salad greens, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 8 red onion slices.A restaurant in McAllen, Texas, called Republic of the Rio Grande Grill and Cantina invented this entrée-size grilled tuna salad with grapefruit sections and red onions on top. It's a classic combination of South Texas flavors—and a very healthy dinner.  Salad Citrus Fish Leafy Green Marinate Low Fat Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Grapefruit Seafood Tuna Grill Grill Barbecue Healthy Jalapeño Cilantro Lettuce Advance Prep Required Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.