Rib Eye Steaks with Mixed Mushroom Sauté recipe. Place steaks on plate. Press peppercorns and rosemary onto both sides. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and 3/4 teaspoon rosemary and sauté 30 seconds. Add all mushrooms and sauté until beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Add 1/2 tablespoon vinegar and stir to coat. Season mushrooms to taste with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Sprinkle steaks with salt. Add to skillet and cook 2 minutes per side to brown. Reduce heat to medium-high and continue cooking until steaks are cooked to desired doneness, about 2 minutes per side for rare. Transfer to plates. Add remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar and broth to skillet used for steaks; boil mixture until syrupy, scraping up browned bits, about 1 minute. Pour over steaks. Top with mushrooms and serve. Rib Eye Steaks with Mixed Mushroom Sauté has 1430.0 calories. Rib Eye Steaks with Mixed Mushroom Sauté has 88.0 grams of protein. Rib Eye Steaks with Mixed Mushroom Sauté has 115.0 grams of fat. Rib Eye Steaks with Mixed Mushroom Sauté has 363.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rib Eye Steaks with Mixed Mushroom Sauté are 2 16-ounce rib eye steaks (about 1 1/2 inches thick), Coarsely cracked black peppercorns, Dried rosemary, 3 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3/4 teaspoon dried rosemary, 5 ounces fresh whole oyster mushrooms, trimmed, 5 ounces fresh whole shiitake mushrooms, stems trimmed, 2 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar or red wine vinegar, 1/4 cup canned beef broth.A cracked peppercorn and rosemary coating accents this luscious cut of meat, which is topped with sautéed wild mushrooms and served with onion rings. Start the meal with a salad of mixed greens and tomatoes with your favorite blue cheese dressing. A rich chocolate cake is the perfect dessert.  Beef Mushroom Sauté Quick & Easy Wheat Gluten-Free Father's Day Steak Winter Bon Appétit.