Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches recipe. Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in middle. Toss tomatoes with shallots, garlic, oil, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in a shallow 3-quart baking dish, then arrange tomatoes cut sides up. Roast, uncovered, basting once, until tomatoes are tender but still hold their shape and are starting to brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Cool to room temperature. While tomatoes cool, prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal medium-high heat for gas). Sprinkle each steak all over with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper total per steak). Oil grill rack, then grill steaks, covered only if using a gas grill, turning over once, 5 to 6 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board. Lightly brush both sides of bread slices with some of oil from roasted tomatoes and grill, covered only if using a gas grill, turning over once, until lightly toasted and grill marks form, about 1 minute total. Stir together vinegar and sugar until sugar is dissolved, then stir in herbs. Spread one side of each bread slice with some of herb mixture about a tablespoon per slice). Slice steaks, then make into sandwiches with bread, roasted tomatoes and shallots, and watercress. Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches has 972.0 calories. Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches has 46.0 grams of protein. Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches has 69.0 grams of fat. Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches has 512.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rib-Eye and Roasted-Tomato Sandwiches are 6 medium tomatoes, halved crosswise, 3 shallots, thinly sliced into rings, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 3 (3/4-inch-thick) boneless rib-eye steaks (about 1 3/4 pound total), 8 slices sourdough bread, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar (not seasoned), 2 teaspoons sugar, 1/2 cup finely chopped cilantro, 1/2 cup finely chopped mint, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems discarded.Roasting turns a so-so tomato into something pretty tasty, but it makes a high-season beauty that much more amazing. Here, the tomatoes can be roasted ahead of time so you can avoid having your oven on during the afternoon heat.  Sandwich Garlic Tomato Roast Backyard BBQ Mint Steak Summer Grill Barbecue Shallot Watercress Cilantro Gourmet.