Rib-Eye Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Walla Walla Onion Rings recipe.  Sprinkle steaks on both sides with coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place on plate; cover and chill overnight. Using fork, mix all ingredients in small bowl. Season with freshly ground black pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before using. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Grill steaks to desired doneness, 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to cutting board; let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk flour, coarse salt, and baking powder in medium bowl. Add beer and vodka; whisk just until blended. Pour enough oil into heavy large pot to reach depth of 2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pot; heat oil over medium heat to 350°F. Working with 2 onion rings at a time, dip onion rings into batter; shake off excess. Gently drop onion rings into hot oil; fry until deep golden, adjusting heat to maintain temperature, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer onion rings to paper towels. Repeat with remaining batter and onion rings. Cut steaks in half across grain. Place 1 steak half on each of 4 plates. Top with blue cheese butter and onion rings. Rib-Eye Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Walla Walla Onion Rings has 892.0 calories. Rib-Eye Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Walla Walla Onion Rings has 47.0 grams of protein. Rib-Eye Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Walla Walla Onion Rings has 60.0 grams of fat. Rib-Eye Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Walla Walla Onion Rings has 455.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rib-Eye Steak with Blue Cheese Butter and Walla Walla Onion Rings are 2 1-pound rib-eye steaks (each about 1 to 1 1/4 inches thick), Coarse kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 tablespoons crumbled American blue cheese (such as Maytag), room temperature, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup cake flour, 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 cup beer, 2 tablespoons vodka, Canola or peanut oil (for deep-frying), 1 large (about 12 ounces) Walla Walla onion or other sweet onion (such as Vidalia or Maui), cut into 1/3-inch-thick rounds, separated into rings.Each large steak will serve two people. The steaks need to marinate overnight, so start this recipe one day ahead.  Onion Father's Day Backyard BBQ Dinner Blue Cheese Steak Grill Grill Barbecue Butter Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.