Rice Pudding Cake with Cherry-Apricot Compote recipe. Bring milk to boil in heavy large saucepan. Stir in rice and salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer uncovered until most of milk is absorbed and mixture is thick but still creamy, stirring frequently, about 30 minutes mixture will resemble thick rice pudding). Add 1/2 cup sugar and stir 2 minutes. Remove mixture from heat and cool to lukewarm, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 10-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 1/2-inch-high sides. Dust pan with breadcrumbs. Mix almonds, candied orange peel, lemon peel and almond extract into rice mixture. Whisk egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in medium bowl to blend. Stir into rice mixture. Cool completely. Beat egg whites in large bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold whites into rice mixture in 2 additions. Transfer mixture to prepared pan. Bake until cake is golden and firm to touch, about 1 hour. Transfer to rack and cool completely in pan. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.) Run small sharp knife around cake to loosen. Release pan sides from cake. Place cake on platter. Sift powdered sugar over cake. Cut into wedges and serve with Cherry-Apricot Compote. Rice Pudding Cake with Cherry-Apricot Compote has 305.0 calories. Rice Pudding Cake with Cherry-Apricot Compote has 9.0 grams of protein. Rice Pudding Cake with Cherry-Apricot Compote has 9.0 grams of fat. Rice Pudding Cake with Cherry-Apricot Compote has 121.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rice Pudding Cake with Cherry-Apricot Compote are 4 1/2 cups whole milk, 1 cup arborio rice or medium-grain rice, Pinch of salt, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dry breadcrumbs, 1/2 cup chopped blanched slivered almonds (about 2 ounces), 1/4 cup chopped candied orange peel, 2 teaspoons (packed) grated lemon peel, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 4 large eggs, separated, Powdered sugar, Cherry-Apricot Compote.(TORTA DI RISO CON COMPOSTA DI CILIEGE E ALBICOCCHE).  Cake Fruit Rice Dessert Bake Apricot Cherry Almond Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.