Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F with racks in middle and lower third. Cook garlic in oil in a small heavy skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and stir in ricotta, eggs, parmesan, herbs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Cut out backbones from chickens with kitchen shears freeze bones for making stock if desired). Pat chickens dry, then spread flat, skin sides up, on a cutting board. Cut a 1/2-inch slit on each side of chicken in center of triangle of skin between thigh and breast near drumstick), then tuck knob of each drumstick thourough slit. Sprinkle each chicken with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and spread chickens flat, skin sides up, in an oiled large 17- by 12-inch) shallow baking pan. Gently slide your finger between skin and flesh of breast and legs of 1 chicken to loosen skin be careful not to tear skin). Using a small spoon, slide 2/3 cup ricotta mixture under skin, using a finger on outside of skin to spread filling over meat of breast, thighs, and drumsticks. Tuck wing tips under. Stuff second chicken in same manner. Brush skin of chickens all over with oil 2 tablespoons) and sprinkle each with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Spoon remaining filling into an oiled 1-quart shallow baking dish 10 by 7 inches). Bake chickens in middle of oven 30 minutes, then put dish of stuffing in oven on lower rack. Continue baking until chicken is just cooked thourough and an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of a thigh through stuffing; do not touch bone) registers 170°F and until gratin is puffed and golden, about 30 minutes more. Let chickens stand 10 minutes, then cut each into quarters. Serve with gratin. Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken has 1632.0 calories. Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken has 126.0 grams of protein. Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken has 119.0 grams of fat. Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken has 795.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Ricotta-and-Herb-Stuffed Chicken are 4 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 4 cups whole-milk ricotta (preferably fresh; 2 pounds), 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (2 ounces), 1/4 cup chopped fresh oregano, 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 whole chickens (each about 3 1/2 pounds), 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil.As in the classic recipe from Richard Olney's Simple French Food that inspired this one, two key innovations ensure a moist, incredibly succulent chicken. First, the birds are spatchcocked, meaning they're butterflied and spread flat so that both the white meat and the dark can be perfectly cooked; second, an herbed-ricotta filling is pushed under the skin, puffing slightly during cooking and extending the meat's flavor in a creamy direction. Actually, you'll notice how much we liked the filling — we call for extra to be baked in a separate dish so that everyone gets a helping. The filling becomes a cross between a popover and a soufflé in texture, with oregano and parsley supplying a suggestion of the Provençal countryside.  Chicken Garlic Herb Roast Parmesan Ricotta Summer Gourmet.