Rigatoni with Spicy Sausage-Tomato Sauce, Arugula, and Parmesan recipe. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add sausage; cook until browned, breaking up with back of spoon, about 5 minutes. Drain drippings from pot. Add wine, diced tomatoes with juice, and crushed tomatoes; increase heat and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer 30 minutes to blend flavors, stirring occasionally. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Refrigerate uncovered until cool, then cover and keep chilled. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing. Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Stir pasta, arugula, basil, and oregano into tomato sauce. Simmer until arugula wilts, stirring often, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl. Sprinkle with Parmesan. Rigatoni with Spicy Sausage-Tomato Sauce, Arugula, and Parmesan has 810.0 calories. Rigatoni with Spicy Sausage-Tomato Sauce, Arugula, and Parmesan has 34.0 grams of protein. Rigatoni with Spicy Sausage-Tomato Sauce, Arugula, and Parmesan has 53.0 grams of fat. Rigatoni with Spicy Sausage-Tomato Sauce, Arugula, and Parmesan has 1500.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rigatoni with Spicy Sausage-Tomato Sauce, Arugula, and Parmesan are 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 pounds fresh hot Italian sausages, casings removed, 1/2 cup dry red wine, 1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes with added puree, 8 ounces rigatoni, 2 cups (packed) fresh arugula, stemmed, 1/2 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese.This classic meat sauce gets some oomph from peppery arugula. A real crowd-pleaser.  Pasta Tomato High Fiber Graduation Father's Day Dinner Parmesan Sausage Arugula Summer Potluck Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.