Rigatoni with Duck Ragù recipe. Heat oil in large deep skillet over medium heat. Add next 4 ingredients. sauté until onion is soft, about 6 minutes. Add tomatoes with juice. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Add shredded duck, reserved vegetables, and reserved sauce to skillet. Heat through, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover and chill ragù and duck skin separately. Rewarm ragù over medium heat before continuing. Heat large skillet over medium heat. Add duck skin; fry until crisp and most fat renders, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Stir pasta into duck mixture, adding pasta cooking water by 1/4 cupfuls if dry. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl. Sprinkle cracklings over and serve, passing cheese alongside. Rigatoni with Duck Ragù has 1051.0 calories. Rigatoni with Duck Ragù has 30.0 grams of protein. Rigatoni with Duck Ragù has 72.0 grams of fat. Rigatoni with Duck Ragù has 723.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rigatoni with Duck Ragù are 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/4 teaspoon crushed dried red pepper, 1 (28-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed, juice reserved, 4 duck legs reserved from Spice-Rubbed Duck Legs Braised with Green Olives and Carrots , skin peeled off and cut into 1/2-inch squares, meat shredded, 1 1/2 cups vegetables reserved from Spice-Rubbed Duck Legs Braised with Green Olives and Carrots , olives pitted, vegetables chopped, 1/2 cup sauce reserved from Spice-Rubbed Duck Legs Braised with Green Olives and Carrots, 1 pound rigatoni or ziti pasta, Grated Parmesan cheese.Cracklings made from the leftover duck skin top this satisfying pasta dish.  Duck Garlic Onion Pasta Tomato Vegetable Fry Sauté Dinner Winter Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.