Risotto Milanese-Style (Risotta alla Milanese) recipe.  In a small saucepan, warm the chicken stock. Keep warm. In a large saucepan over moderately low heat, warm the olive oil. Add the onion and sauté, stirring occasionally, just until tender but before any color appears, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and saffron, and toast lightly for 1 minute without letting the rice or onion take on any color. Add the wine and cook until almost completely absorbed. Add most of the chicken stock it should come about 1/2 inch above the rice) and bring to a simmer. Cook the risotto, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is al dente, about 14 minutes. As the rice begins to absorb the liquid, add more as needed. Once rice has absorbed almost all the broth, remove from the heat, add the butter and Parmigiano-Reggiano, and stir vigorously for about 1 minute to develop the surface starches. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve the risotto immediately garnished with a piece of the meat marrow, if desired. Risotto Milanese-Style (Risotta alla Milanese) has 619.0 calories. Risotto Milanese-Style (Risotta alla Milanese) has 17.0 grams of protein. Risotto Milanese-Style (Risotta alla Milanese) has 26.0 grams of fat. Risotto Milanese-Style (Risotta alla Milanese) has 930.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Risotto Milanese-Style (Risotta alla Milanese) are 6 cups chicken stock or low-sodium broth, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 small onion, minced (about 1/2 cup), 2 1/2 cups Carnaroli or Vialone Nano rice, 3/4 tablespoon saffron threads, crumbled, 3/4 cup dry white wine, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 ounces freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (about 3/4 cup), Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Beef marrow for garnish (optional).This recipe is part of the Epicurious Online Cooking School, in partnership with the Culinary Institute of America. To watch it being made, and to learn how to make other Italian classics, check out the videos.  Onion Rice Parmesan White Wine Simmer.