Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût recipe.  If using dried morels, soak in warm water to cover 30 minutes. Agitate dried morels in soaking water or fresh morels in cold water to dislodge grit, then lift from water, squeezing out excess. Pat dry with paper towels. Cut morels fresh or dried) crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Bring broth and water to a boil in a 4-quart pot. Add asparagus and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer asparagus with a slotted spoon to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then drain and pat dry. Reserve 1 cup broth mixture for ragout and keep remaining broth at a bare simmer. Cook onion in oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute. Add wine and simmer briskly, stirring constantly, until absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 1/2 cup hot broth mixture and simmer briskly, stirring constantly, until broth is absorbed. Continue simmering and adding hot broth mixture, about 1/2 cup at a time, stirring constantly and letting each addition be absorbed before adding the next, until rice is just tender and creamy-looking, 18 to 22 minutes. There will be leftover broth mixture. Reserve for thinning risotto.) Stir cheese, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper into risotto, then remove from heat and let stand, covered, while making ragout. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then sauté morels and garlic, stirring occasionally, until garlic is pale golden, about 4 minutes. Pour in 1 cup reserved broth and bring to a boil. Stir in peas, asparagus, zest, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are heated through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add remaining 2 tablespoons butter, swirling skillet until butter is incorporated, then season ragout with salt and pepper. Thin risotto to desired consistency with some of leftover broth and season with salt and pepper. Divide risotto among 4 shallow bowls. Spoon asparagus and morel ragout with liquid) on top and sprinkle with chives. Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût has 628.0 calories. Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût has 19.0 grams of protein. Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût has 21.0 grams of fat. Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût has 1385.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Risotto with Asparagus and Morel Ragoût are 3/4 oz dried morel mushrooms (1 cup) or 1/4 lb fresh, 6 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth (52 fl oz), 2 cups water, 1 lb medium asparagus, trimmed and cut diagonally into 1-inch-long pieces (about 3 cups), 1/2 small onion, finely chopped (1/3 cup), 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups Arborio rice (about 13 oz), 1/2 cup dry white wine, 2/3 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (1 1/4 oz) plus additional for serving, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1/2 cup frozen baby peas, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives.This dish has a livelier, fresher taste than traditional risotto because the vegetables are cooked separately from the rice and then spooned over it in a rich ragout.  Mushroom Rice Vegetable Sauté Asparagus Spring Simmer Gourmet.