Roasted Garlic Cheese Toasts recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Place garlic, cut side up, in small glass baking dish; pour oil over each head and sprinkle with salt. Cover; bake until garlic is tender, about 1 hour. Uncover; let cool 15 minutes. Squeeze garlic from each clove into medium bowl and mash. Mix in Parmesan, cream cheese, mayonnaise, and thyme. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made one day ahead; cover and refrigerate. Allow to soften slightly at room temperature before continuing.) Preheat oven temperature to 425°F. Spread garlic mixture on bread slices; arrange on 2 baking sheets. Bake until toasts are beginning to brown at edges, about 12 minutes. Roasted Garlic Cheese Toasts has 46.0 calories. Roasted Garlic Cheese Toasts has 1.0 grams of protein. Roasted Garlic Cheese Toasts has 4.0 grams of fat. Roasted Garlic Cheese Toasts has 51.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Garlic Cheese Toasts are 3 heads of garlic, top 3/4 inch of each cut off and discarded, 1/4 cup olive oil, 3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup cream cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 1 French-bread baguette, cut on diagonal into 1/2-inch-thick slices."My profession as a real estate agent requires a lot of my time," writes Edi Meadows Morrissette of Westin, Florida, "so it helps that I am lightning-fast in the kitchen. I cook every day, and on the weekends I sometimes make three meals a day. I accomplish that by following my main cooking principles: (1) do a lot of prep work, and (2) keep the kitchen well stocked. For example, at holiday time I might chop onions in advance or bake bread the day before company arrives. And since I converted the bedroom next to my kitchen into a pantry for extra storage, I know I'll always have the right ingredients at my fingertips.".  Cheese Garlic Appetizer Bake Cocktail Party Quick & Easy Parmesan Winter Bon Appétit Florida Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.