Roasted Pork Loin with Tropical Fruits recipe. Combine 2 cups Sherry, cinnamon stick, lemon juice and peel in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Simmer 2 minutes. Add prunes and apricots. Simmer until fruits are tender and mixture thickens slightly, about 20 minutes. Combine 2 cups Sherry, peppercorns and cloves in small saucepan over medium heat. Simmer 2 minutes. Remove from heat; cool marinade to room temperature. Using sharp knife, make lengthwise cut down center of pork, cutting 3/4 of the way through. Open as for book. Sprinkle cut side with some of onion. Close pork. Place in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining onion. Pour marinade over. Cover pork and fruit separately; chill overnight. Preheat oven to 375°F. Drain any liquid from fruit mixture; reserve liquid, discarding cinnamon stick. Stir mango, papaya and sugar into fruit mixture. Discard pork marinade; pat pork dry. Open pork as for book. Season inside with salt and pepper. Spoon 2/3 cup fruit mixture down center of pork; reserve remaining fruit mixture. Fold pork over, enclosing filling. Tie pork in several places with kitchen string to keep filling in place. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add pork and cook until brown, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to large roasting pan. Roast until thermometer inserted into center of pork registers 160°F., about 1 hour 15 minutes. Place pork on platter; reserve pan juices. Tent pork with foil and let stand 20 minutes. Mix reserved liquid from fruit, remaining fruit and reserved pan juices in heavy small saucepan. Bring to simmer. Slice pork; serve with fruit sauce. Roasted Pork Loin with Tropical Fruits has 560.0 calories. Roasted Pork Loin with Tropical Fruits has 58.0 grams of protein. Roasted Pork Loin with Tropical Fruits has 25.0 grams of fat. Roasted Pork Loin with Tropical Fruits has 695.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Pork Loin with Tropical Fruits are 4 cups dry Sherry, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1/2 cup chopped pitted prunes, 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 whole black peppercorns, 6 whole cloves, 1 3 1/2-pound boneless pork loin, trimmed, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1/3 cup chopped peeled pitted mango, 1/3 cup chopped peeled papaya, 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil.At the Princeville Hotel on the Hawaiian Island of Kauai, a mixture of dried and fresh fruits is used to fill the pork. Begin preparing this dish one day before serving.  Fruit Pork Roast Prune Apricot Mango Papaya Sherry Summer Bon Appétit.