Roast Beef, Red Pepper, Spinach, and Feta Sandwiches with Tahini Dressing recipe. Mix first 6 ingredients and half of garlic in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt. Whisk remaining garlic, tahini, water, and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. Season tahini dressing to taste with salt. Place bread, cut side up, on work surface. Spread red pepper mixture over both cut sides of bread. Sprinkle cheese over bottom half of loaf. Layer half of roast beef over cheese; drizzle with 1/3 of tahini dressing. Layer remaining roast beef over dressing and drizzle with half of remaining dressing. Top with spinach leaves; drizzle with remaining dressing. Press top half of loaf onto spinach. Cut sandwich lengthwise in half, then crosswise into quarters for a total of 8 sandwiches. Wrap each sandwich tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Roast Beef, Red Pepper, Spinach, and Feta Sandwiches with Tahini Dressing has 395.0 calories. Roast Beef, Red Pepper, Spinach, and Feta Sandwiches with Tahini Dressing has 22.0 grams of protein. Roast Beef, Red Pepper, Spinach, and Feta Sandwiches with Tahini Dressing has 19.0 grams of fat. Roast Beef, Red Pepper, Spinach, and Feta Sandwiches with Tahini Dressing has 498.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Beef, Red Pepper, Spinach, and Feta Sandwiches with Tahini Dressing are 1 12-ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, chopped, 1/3 cup chopped green onion, 1/3 cup minced fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, 2 garlic cloves, pressed, 1/4 cup tahini, 1/4 cup water, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 1-pound loaf flat rustic bread such as focaccia or ciabatta, (about 2 1/2 inches high), cut horizontally in half, 3/4 cup crumbled feta cheese (about 4 ounces), 1 pound thinly sliced rare roast beef, 2 cups (packed) baby spinach leaves.Serve with minted iced tea and tabbouleh, then offer baklava and cherries for dessert.  Sandwich Beef Cheese Leafy Green Pepper No-Cook Picnic Super Bowl Lunch Feta Spinach Bell Pepper Summer Tailgating Poker Game Night Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.