Roasted Short Ribs With Cauliflower And Celery recipe.  Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 275°F. Slice garlic, sprinkle with salt, and mash to a paste on a cutting board using the side of a chef’s knife; place in a small bowl. Mix in rosemary, oil, soy sauce, and red pepper flakes. Season ribs generously with salt and pepper and place in a medium cast-iron skillet. Coat all over with garlic paste and cover skillet tightly with foil. Cook on upper rack in oven, checking for doneness after 1 1/2 hours, until meat is fork-tender and falling off the bone, 2 1/2–3 hours. Remove from oven. Meanwhile, place cauliflower in a small baking dish. Rub all over with oil; season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and place in oven next to ribs. Bake until cauliflower is very easily pierced with a paring knife, 1 1/2–2 1/2 hours. Transfer hot cauliflower to a blender and add cream. Blend until very smooth; season with salt and pepper. Place in a medium saucepan and keep warm over low heat. While the ribs and cauliflower are cooking, scatter hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and toast on bottom rack, tossing once, until golden brown, 30–35 minutes. Let cool, then rub together in a kitchen towel to remove skins, if using skin-on nuts. Coarsely chop and set aside. Increase oven temperature to 450°F. Uncover ribs and return to oven, placing on top rack. Roast, basting with fat from skillet every couple of minutes, until a deep brown crust develops, 12–15 minutes. Toss celery, celery leaves, parsley, and reserved hazelnuts in a medium bowl to combine. Drizzle with oil and vinegar and toss to coat; season celery salad with salt and pepper. Serve short ribs over cauliflower purée with celery salad on top. The ingredients of Roasted Short Ribs With Cauliflower And Celery are 4 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 (4-inch) English-style bone-in beef short ribs (about 3 pounds), Freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 head cauliflower (about 1 pound), 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 1/3 cup heavy cream, 1/2 cup blanched or skin-on hazelnuts, 2 stalks celery, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced on a diagonal; plus 1/4 cup celery leaves, 1/4 cup chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon hazelnut oil or olive oil, 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, Flaky sea salt, freshly ground pepper.Richly marbled beef ribs beg for something crisp and refreshing to go alongside. If celery’s not your fave, try swapping it for any type of radish, escarole, or a tart apple.  Dinner Beef Cauliflower Celery Salad Beef Rib Bon Appétit Braise Entertaining Winter Wheat Gluten-Free Sugar Conscious Peanut Free No Sugar Added.