Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw recipe.  Cut the cabbage into the thinnest strips you can and make sure those pieces are no longer than 2 inches. This is a great time to get good with your knife if you are looking for a silver fking lining in all that chopping. Chop the carrot into thin matchsticks of the same length. Got that st down now, right? In a small bowl, mix together the lime juice, vinegar, oil, and salt. Add the dressing right before you are going to eat and toss that s**t well. Fold in the cilantro just before serving. Crank your oven to 400°F. Chop the cauliflower into small florets no bigger than a quarter. In a saucepan over medium heat, warm the beer, broth, lime juice, tamari, hot sauce, and garlic. Add the cauliflower and simmer for about 90 seconds. Drain. In a large bowl. toss the spices, salt, and olive oil together. Add the cauliflower and onion and stir 'til those f**kers are coated. Dump it on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until browned, stirring halfway, about 20 minutes. To assemble the tacos, warm the tortillas in the oven or microwave for a hot minute and then pile them high with the cauliflower filling, slices of avocado, some of the slaw, and top with plenty of salsa. Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw has 209.0 calories. Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw has 6.0 grams of protein. Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw has 9.0 grams of fat. Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw has 837.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos with Cilantro Coleslaw are 1/2 head of green cabbage (about 1/2 pound), 1 small carrot, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/3 cup chopped cilantro, 1 head cauliflower (about 1 pound), 3/4 cup beer, 1/4 cup vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 11/2 teaspoons tamari or soy sauce, 11/2 tablespoons chipotle hot sauce, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, sliced, 11/2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, Pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 yellow onion, chopped, 6 corn tortillas, 1 avocado, sliced, Tomato salsa, for serving.The following is a slightly-NSFW recipe from the brilliant minds behind the popular cooking blog Thug Kitchen. To learn more about them, read our profile.—Epicurious Editors.  Beer Vegetarian Cauliflower Vegan Cabbage Cilantro Tortillas.