Roasted Baby Beets and Arugula Salad with Lemon Gorgonzola Vinaigrette recipe. Place lemon juice and vinegar in small bowl. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup oil. Stir in cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Preheat oven to 375°F. Heat remaining 1/3 cup oil in medium ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add bread pieces; toss to coat. Add herbs and garlic; toss to coat. Sauté until bread is crisp, about 4 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer croutons to plate in single layer. Cool. Add beets to same skillet, tossing to coat with any remaining herbs and oil. Cover skillet with foil and transfer to oven. Roast until beets are tender, about 45 minutes. Cool beets. Peel, if desired; cut in half. Toss arugula with 1/2 cup dressing in large wide bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Top with beets and croutons and serve. Roasted Baby Beets and Arugula Salad with Lemon Gorgonzola Vinaigrette has 550.0 calories. Roasted Baby Beets and Arugula Salad with Lemon Gorgonzola Vinaigrette has 12.0 grams of protein. Roasted Baby Beets and Arugula Salad with Lemon Gorgonzola Vinaigrette has 39.0 grams of fat. Roasted Baby Beets and Arugula Salad with Lemon Gorgonzola Vinaigrette has 644.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Baby Beets and Arugula Salad with Lemon Gorgonzola Vinaigrette are 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1/2 cup plus 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 4 ounces), 2 cups roughly torn bite-size pieces French bread, 1/4 cup assorted chopped fresh herbs (such as parsley, basil, and rosemary), 1 garlic clove, minced, 24 baby beets, trimmed, scrubbed, 8 ounces baby arugula (about 12 cups).Try a milder domestic Gorgonzola (rather than the equally delicious but more pungent Italian version). Using an assortment of different colored beets makes the salad more vibrant.  Cheese Citrus Leafy Green Vegetable Side Roast Vegetarian High Fiber Spring Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.