Roasted Chicken Thighs with White Beans, Lemon, and Capers recipe.  Position rack in upper third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Toss beans and capers in a 13x9" baking dish and spread out evenly on bottom of pan. Spread 1 tsp. mustard on skin of each chicken thigh and nestle, skin side up, into beans and capers. Arrange lemon slices under and around chicken and add enough water about 1/3 cup) to come up sides of chicken by 1/2". Drizzle chicken with oil and season whole dish with salt and pepper. Roast chicken, stirring and shaking dish halfway through, until skin is browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of chicken registers 165°F, about 35 minutes. If chicken skin starts to burn, move pan to a lower rack to finish cooking. Transfer chicken, beans, lemon slices, and capers to a serving platter. Spoon some of the pan sauce around chicken and sprinkle with parsley. Roasted Chicken Thighs with White Beans, Lemon, and Capers has 4325.0 calories. Roasted Chicken Thighs with White Beans, Lemon, and Capers has 316.0 grams of protein. Roasted Chicken Thighs with White Beans, Lemon, and Capers has 309.0 grams of fat. Roasted Chicken Thighs with White Beans, Lemon, and Capers has 2409.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Chicken Thighs with White Beans, Lemon, and Capers are 2 (15-ounce) cans white beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons capers with brine, 8 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 8 skin-on bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 pounds), 1 large lemon, thinly sliced, seeds removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley.Chicken thighs are an inexpensive and delicious alternative to chicken breasts. This one-pan dinner is perfect for a weeknight because it's so simple to put together and cleanup is a breeze.  Bean Chicken Low Fat Kid-Friendly Dinner Lemon Healthy Capers Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.