Roast Chicken with Spanish Paprika and Herb-Roasted Smashed Potatoes recipe. Butterfly the chicken. Tuck wing tips behind shoulder. Transfer to large rimmed baking sheet. Using fingertips, separate skin from chicken over breasts and thighs. Insert 1 thyme sprig between skin and flesh over each breast and each thigh. Repeat with second chicken. Mix 2 tablespoons coarse kosher salt and 2 teaspoons paprika in small bowl. Sprinkle all over chickens. Transfer uncovered chickens, skin side up, to refrigerator; chill at least 8 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place potatoes in 11x7x2-inch baking dish. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon paprika. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss. Drizzle chicken with 2 teaspoons oil. Place chicken and potatoes in oven; roast until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 175°F, about 1 hour. Let chickens rest 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon chopped thyme. Return to oven and roast until tender and skins wrinkle slightly, about 5 minutes. Coarsely smash. Cut chickens into breast, wing, thigh, and leg pieces. Transfer to platter. Drizzle some drippings over; serve. Roast Chicken with Spanish Paprika and Herb-Roasted Smashed Potatoes has 2639.0 calories. Roast Chicken with Spanish Paprika and Herb-Roasted Smashed Potatoes has 198.0 grams of protein. Roast Chicken with Spanish Paprika and Herb-Roasted Smashed Potatoes has 185.0 grams of fat. Roast Chicken with Spanish Paprika and Herb-Roasted Smashed Potatoes has 3657.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Chicken with Spanish Paprika and Herb-Roasted Smashed Potatoes are 2 (5-pound) roasting chickens, 8 large sprigs fresh thyme plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons coarse kosher salt, 2 1/2 teaspoons hot smoked Spanish paprika* divided, 1 1/2 pounds baby potatoes (1 to 1 1/2 inches in diameter), 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, *Sometimes called hot Pimentón de La Vera; available at some supermarkets and at tienda.com..Start this early in the day or the night before. Chilling the chicken uncovered for several hours makes the skin crispy when roasted.  Chicken Herb Potato Roast Dinner Winter Thyme Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.