Roasted Spiced Chicken with Cinnamon- and Honey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes recipe. Place onion, garlic, apple cider vinegar, honey, ground allspice, chopped fresh ginger, chopped fresh thyme, salt, ground black pepper, seeded and minced chile, cinnamon, and nutmeg in processor. Purée marinade until coarse paste forms. Place chicken in large resealable plastic bag. Add marinade to chicken in bag and seal. Turn chicken to coat. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight, turning chicken occasionally. Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange chicken pieces, with marinade still clinging to chicken, on rimmed baking sheet. Brush chicken with oil. Roast until cooked through, about 45 minutes. Spray another rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Whisk butter, honey, lime juice, and ground cinnamon in large bowl. Add potato slices; toss to coat. Arrange potato slices in single layer on prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake potatoes alongside chicken until tender, about 25 minutes. Serve chicken with potatoes, passing mango chutney separately. Roasted Spiced Chicken with Cinnamon- and Honey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes has 994.0 calories. Roasted Spiced Chicken with Cinnamon- and Honey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes has 49.0 grams of protein. Roasted Spiced Chicken with Cinnamon- and Honey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes has 58.0 grams of fat. Roasted Spiced Chicken with Cinnamon- and Honey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes has 930.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Spiced Chicken with Cinnamon- and Honey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes are 1/2 cup chopped onion, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon allspice berries, ground in spice mill or coffee grinder, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 Scotch bonnet chile or habanero chile, seeded, minced, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 whole chicken leg-thigh pieces (about 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 pounds), 2 tablespoons olive oil, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pounds red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), peeled, cut into 1/3-inch-thick rounds, Mango chutney.This dish makes delicious use of the warm spices prevalent throughout island cooking. The chicken needs time to marinate, so start the recipe ahead.  Food Processor Chicken Garlic Marinate Roast Hot Pepper Sweet Potato Yam Honey Cinnamon Bon Appétit.