Roast Turkey with Prosciutto, Rosemary and Garlic recipe. Pat turkey dry. Run hands under skin of turkey, separating skin from breast and thighs. Rub 3 tablespoons rosemary and 3 tablespoons garlic under skin over breast and thighs. Carefully arrange half of prosciutto under skin over breast and thighs. Rub 1 tablespoon rosemary and 1 tablespoon garlic inside cavity of turkey. Sprinkle remaining prosciutto into cavity. Place turkey in heavy large roasting pan. Cover with plastic and chill overnight. Preheat oven to 450°F. Rub outside of turkey with oil. Season with pepper. Place 1 head of garlic in cavity of turkey. Place 2 heads of garlic in roasting pan. Tie turkey legs together. Roast turkey 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Continue roasting turkey until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 180°F, basting occasionally with 2 cups broth, about 3 hours. Transfer turkey to platter. Surround with roasted garlic and garlic from turkey cavity. Remove prosciutto from turkey cavity; reserve. Tent turkey with foil. Pour pan juices into large glass measuring cup. Skim fat from surface of pan juices, reserving 3 tablespoons fat. Set roasting pan over medium-high heat. Add wine and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Add wine mixture to pan juices in cup liquids should measure 2 1/2 cups; if not, add more both or boil until reduced to 2 1/2 cups). Heat reserved 3 tablespoons fat in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add flour; stir until golden, about 2 minutes. Whisk in pan juices. Mix in 1/2 teaspoon rosemary. Boil until thickened to sauce consistency, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Mix in reserved prosciutto. Garnish turkey with rosemary springs. Serve with gravy. Roast Turkey with Prosciutto, Rosemary and Garlic has 1378.0 calories. Roast Turkey with Prosciutto, Rosemary and Garlic has 196.0 grams of protein. Roast Turkey with Prosciutto, Rosemary and Garlic has 55.0 grams of fat. Roast Turkey with Prosciutto, Rosemary and Garlic has 1632.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Turkey with Prosciutto, Rosemary and Garlic are 1 18- to 20-pound turkey, 4 tablespoons plus 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 8 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, Olive oil, 3 whole heads garlic, each cut in half horizontally, 2 cups (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 3 1/2 tablespoons all purpose flour, Fresh rosemary sprigs.A mixture of prosciutto, rosemary and plenty of garlic rubbed under the skin of the turkey gives it a distinctively delicious taste. True garlic lovers can squeeze some of the pan-roasted garlic into the gravy for even more flavor. Begin the meal with an appetizer of chilled shrimp with lemon and dill, and offer a radicchio salad as a first course. Pour a Chianti Classico Riserva.  Garlic Herb Pork turkey Roast Christmas Thanksgiving Rosemary Prosciutto Bon Appétit.