Roasted Herb Potato Medley recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Oil 2 large baking sheets. Whisk first 6 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Add potatoes. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to prepared sheets, spreading in single layer. Reserve oil mixture in bowl. Roast potatoes until tender and golden, stirring and turning potatoes occasionally, about 1 hour. Return potatoes to reserved oil mixture in bowl; toss. Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Transfer potatoes to baking sheet; rewarm in 400°F oven about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.) Transfer to bowl. Garnish with herb sprigs. Roasted Herb Potato Medley has 322.0 calories. Roasted Herb Potato Medley has 6.0 grams of protein. Roasted Herb Potato Medley has 11.0 grams of fat. Roasted Herb Potato Medley has 21.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Herb Potato Medley are 1/2 cup olive oil, 1/2 cup white balsamic vinegar or regular balsamic vinegar, 1/4 cup chopped shallots, 5 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried, 5 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary or 2 teaspoons dried, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, chopped, 3 pounds medium-size red-skinned potatoes, each cut into 8 wedges, 3 pounds medium-size Yukon Gold potatoes, each cut into 8 wedges, Fresh thyme and rosemary sprigs.Lane Crowther, Bon Appétit contributing editor, says, "When I was young, the potatoes on the holiday table were always mashed. Even today, my mother, who is still in charge of our Thanksgiving dinners, will rarely stray from tradition. Either there has to be a trade-off to get her to try something new, or—as in the case of this recipe—innovation simply comes as an addition to the menu, not a replacement. Well, with so many different kinds of potatoes available nowadays, I like to mix varieties for their contrasting flavors, textures and colors. This combination of red potatoes and Yukon Gold is an easy-to-make and great-tasting accompaniment to any meal.".  Herb Potato Side Roast Thanksgiving Vegetarian Fall Vegan Bon Appétit.