Roasted Carrot and Beet Salad with Feta recipe.  Stir cumin seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 3-4 minutes. Let cool. Finely grind in a spice mill. Whisk cumin, lemon juice, vinegar, and Dijon mustard in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup oil, then mint. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Cook carrots in a large pot of boiling salted water for 1 minute; using a slotted spoon, transfer carrots to a bowl. Add beets to same pot of boiling water and cook until just tender, 20-25 minutes. Drain. Let stand at room temperature to cool slightly, about 15 minutes. Peel and trim beets; halve lengthwise. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette and vegetables can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Return vinaigrette to room temperature and whisk before using. Preheat oven to 450°F. Season carrots with salt and pepper. Toss with 1 1/2 teaspoons oil. Arrange on half of a large rimmed baking sheet. Place beets in same bowl; season with salt and pepper and toss with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil. Arrange in single layer opposite carrots on same baking sheet. Roast vegetables, turning once, until slightly charred and just tender, about 15 minutes. Place carrots, 1/2 cup parsley leaves, and feta in a medium bowl; drizzle 1/4 cup vinaigrette over and toss to coat. Arrange carrot mixture on a small platter. Place beets in another medium bowl. Add 2 tablespoons vinaigrette; toss to coat. Tuck beets in among carrots. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup parsley leaves over. Drizzle with remaining dressing. Roasted Carrot and Beet Salad with Feta has 251.0 calories. Roasted Carrot and Beet Salad with Feta has 3.0 grams of protein. Roasted Carrot and Beet Salad with Feta has 23.0 grams of fat. Roasted Carrot and Beet Salad with Feta has 206.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Carrot and Beet Salad with Feta are 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/2 cup plus 3 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound baby carrots with 1/2" of tops attached, peeled, 6 small (1 1/2" diameter) red beets, scrubbed, trimmed leaving 2" of stem attached, 3/4 cup (lightly packed) flat-leaf parsley leaves, divided, 1/2 cup crumbled feta (about 4 ounces).The inspiration for this salad came to chef Hugh Acheson as he spoke to a friend who'd eaten at the Spotted Pig in New York City. "He'd had a salad and was telling me all the components," says Acheson. "It sounded wonderful, so I came up with my own version of it, using local ingredients from Georgia.".  Appetizer Side Vegetarian Dinner Feta Root Vegetable Beet Carrot Fall Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.