Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges with Smoked Chile Cream recipe.  Whisk sour cream, 1 tablespoon green onion tops, chipotle hot sauce, and lime juice in small bowl. Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated. Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 425°F. Combine sweet potato wedges, oil, and cumin in large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Arrange potato wedges, cut side down, on 2 rimmed baking sheets. Roast until tender and browned in spots, about 20 minutes, reversing pans halfway through roasting. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm in 425°F oven until heated through, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place potato wedges on large platter. Drizzle smoked chile cream over. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons green onion tops and serve. Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges with Smoked Chile Cream has 283.0 calories. Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges with Smoked Chile Cream has 4.0 grams of protein. Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges with Smoked Chile Cream has 10.0 grams of fat. Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges with Smoked Chile Cream has 132.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges with Smoked Chile Cream are 1/3 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons finely chopped green onion tops (dark green parts), divided, 2 teaspoons chipotle hot pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 3 pounds medium red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams), scrubbed, cut lengthwise into 3/4-inch-wide wedges with skin, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin.The technique: It's ridiculously simple: Cut the potatoes into wedges, toss with olive oil and ground cumin, then roast.
The payoff: The ideal ratio of crisp to creamy, since there's more surface area exposed in the oven when the sweet potatoes are cut into wedges.  Roast Christmas Thanksgiving Low Fat Vegetarian High Fiber Sweet Potato Yam Fall Family Reunion Christmas Eve Potluck Sour Cream Chile Pepper Bon Appétit.