Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction recipe.  Finely chop 2 medium shallots. Melt 1 tablespoon unsalted butter in heavy small saucepan over medium heat. Add chopped shallots and sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add Madeira and green peppercorns. Boil uncovered until mixture is reduced to cup, about 12 minutes. Remove sauce from heat. Arrange trimmed racks of lamb on rimmed baking sheet. Cut remaining 4 medium shallots in half and push through garlic press. Coat lamb with pressed shallots. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Cover sauce and lamb separately and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Roast lamb 25 minutes. Increase heat to 500°F and continue to roast until lamb browns and meat thermometer inserted into center of lamb registers 130°F, about 5 minutes longer. Let stand 5 minutes. Bring peppercorn sauce to simmer. Whisk in remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cut lamb between ribs into chops. Arrange lamb chops on plates. Spoon peppercorn sauce around lamb and serve. Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction has 1277.0 calories. Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction has 44.0 grams of protein. Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction has 109.0 grams of fat. Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction has 174.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Rack of Lamb with Madeira-Peppercorn Reduction are 6 medium shallots, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, 1 1/4 cups Madeira, 1 tablespoon drained green peppercorns in brine, coarsely chopped, 2 1 1/4-pound racks of lamb, trimmed.Begin the meal with a salad of endive, pear and watercress with a blue cheese vinaigrette. The lamb is wonderful with the onion-potato gratin and boiled haricots verts; Côte-Rôtie is the right wine. A French apple tart from the bakery topped with some sweetened créme fraîche makes a nice ending.  Wine Lamb Roast Valentine's Day Dinner Meat Fall Spring Winter Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.