Roast Chicken with Herb Butter, Onions and Garlic recipe.  Mix butter, chopped herbs, fennel seeds and 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt in bowl; blend well. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before continuing.) Position rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 400°F. Sprinkle main cavity of chicken with salt and pepper; fill with herb sprigs. Starting at neck end, slide fingers under skin of breast and upper part of legs, loosening skin. Spread 3 tablespoons herb butter under skin on breast and upper leg meat. Place chicken on rack in large roasting pan; tie legs together loosely to hold shape. Scatter onions around chicken. Brush chicken and onions with 2 tablespoons herb butter; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast chicken 30 minutes. Remove pan from oven. Scatter garlic cloves around chicken. Brush chicken, onions and garlic with 1 tablespoon herb butter. Roast chicken and vegetables 30 minutes. Reserve 1 tablespoon herb butter for sauce; brush remainder on chicken and vegetables. Continue to roast until chicken is golden and thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 180°F, about 30 minutes longer. Insert wooden spoon into main cavity; tilt chicken so that juices drain into pan. Transfer chicken to platter; surround with onions and garlic. Tent with foil. Set roasting pan over medium-high heat. Add broth and wine; bring to simmer, scraping up browned bits. Pour pan juices into large glass measuring cup. Spoon off fat; discard fat. Pour juices into medium saucepan. Stir reserved 1 tablespoon herb butter and flour in small bowl to smooth paste. Bring pan juices to simmer; whisk in paste. Simmer sauce until slightly thickened, whisking occasionally, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve chicken with sauce. Roast Chicken with Herb Butter, Onions and Garlic has 4544.0 calories. Roast Chicken with Herb Butter, Onions and Garlic has 347.0 grams of protein. Roast Chicken with Herb Butter, Onions and Garlic has 332.0 grams of fat. Roast Chicken with Herb Butter, Onions and Garlic has 1655.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Chicken with Herb Butter, Onions and Garlic are 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley plus 3 large sprigs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme plus 3 large sprigs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary plus 3 small sprigs, 1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed, 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 7- to 71/4-pound roasting chicken, rinsed, patted dry, 3 medium onions, peeled, quartered lengthwise (do not remove root end), 14 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1 1/2 teaspoons all purpose flour.Serve this with the Crispy Potato Galette, buttered green beans and a red Côtes du Rhône or white Burgundy.  Chicken Garlic Herb Onion Poultry Roast Kid-Friendly Back to School Dinner Fall Winter Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.