Roast Chicken with Rosemary, Lemon, and Honey recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line a large roasting pan with 3/4 of rosemary sprigs. Place chickens on top. Whisk 1/2 cup oil, lemon juice, and honey in a small bowl to blend. Using your hands and beginning at the neck end of chicken, gently lift skin away from breast. Under skin of each chicken, rub 1/4 cup lemon mixture into meat. Drizzle remaining lemon mixture all over outside of chickens. Place 1 lemon half and 1 shallot inside each chicken cavity; stuff with remaining rosemary sprigs, dividing equally. Season chickens all over with salt and pepper. Place remaining shallots around chickens; arrange 4 lemon rounds on top of each chicken. Drizzle shallots and lemon rounds with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Roast chickens, basting frequently with pan juices, for 45 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 425°F and continue roasting until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165°F and skin is deep golden and crispy, about 10 minutes longer. Spoon pan juices over chickens, shallots, and lemon slices and serve in roasting pan. Roast Chicken with Rosemary, Lemon, and Honey has 1620.0 calories. Roast Chicken with Rosemary, Lemon, and Honey has 116.0 grams of protein. Roast Chicken with Rosemary, Lemon, and Honey has 115.0 grams of fat. Roast Chicken with Rosemary, Lemon, and Honey has 441.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Chicken with Rosemary, Lemon, and Honey are 6 ounces rosemary sprigs (about 2 large or 4 small bunches), divided, 2 4-pound chickens, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 lemons, 1 halved, 1 sliced into eight 1/4" rounds, 1 pound shallots, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.Roasting the birds over rosemary sprigs imparts a surprising amount of flavor.  Chicken Poultry Roast Kid-Friendly High Fiber Dinner Lemon Rosemary Honey Bon Appétit Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.