Roasted Root Vegetables with Romesco Sauce recipe. To make the romesco, preheat the oven to 375°F 190°C). Spread the almonds on a large, heavy-duty baking sheet and toast in the oven, stirring once or twice, until fragrant and slightly darkened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately pour onto a plate to cool; the nuts can burn easily. Leave the oven on. On the baking sheet, toss the tomatoes, bell peppers, onion slices, and garlic cloves with the 2 Tbsp olive oil and 1 tsp salt. Roast until all the vegetables are tender and slightly charred, 15-30 minutes. As each vegetable is done, transfer it to a bowl. The onions and garlic will cook first, followed by the peppers and then the tomatoes. When all the romesco vegetables are done, transfer them to a blender or food processor. Add the vinegar, paprika, and cayenne and process to a smooth purée. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Set the romesco aside. Clean off the baking sheet, then add the root vegetables and toss with the 2 Tbsp olive oil and 1 tsp salt. Spread the vegetables in a single layer and roast until tender and nicely caramelized, about 40 minutes. Arrange the roasted root vegetables on a platter and pour the romesco sauce over them. Serve right away. Roasted Root Vegetables with Romesco Sauce has 512.0 calories. Roasted Root Vegetables with Romesco Sauce has 11.0 grams of protein. Roasted Root Vegetables with Romesco Sauce has 26.0 grams of fat. Roasted Root Vegetables with Romesco Sauce has 341.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Root Vegetables with Romesco Sauce are 3/4 cup (3 oz/90 g) raw almonds, 6 plum tomatoes, 2 red bell peppers, 1 yellow onion, cut into slices about 1/2 inch (12 mm) thick, 3 garlic cloves, 2 Tbsp olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 Tbsp sherry vinegar, 2 tsp smoked paprika, 1/4 tsp cayenne pepper, 4 lb (2 kg) mixed root vegetables such as carrots, parsnips, beets, celery root, and sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 1/2-inch (4-cm) pieces, 2 Tbsp olive oil.After we make a batch of this romesco sauce, we put it on things like eggs, grilled cheese, and turkey sandwiches. We find any excuse we can think of to dunk and cover stuff in the incredibly versatile and tasty romesco.  Tomato Vegetable Vegetarian Bell Pepper Root Vegetable Beet Carrot Parsnip Sweet Potato Yam Fall.