Roasted Lamb Chops with Charmoula and Skillet Asparagus recipe. Heat small skillet over medium heat. Add cumin seeds and toast until aromatic and slightly darker, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Transfer to processor. Add parsley leaves and next 6 ingredients to processor. Using on/off turns, process until coarse paste forms. With machine running, gradually add 4 tablespoons oil. Transfer 2 tablespoons charmoula to small bowl; whisk in lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Cover and chill to serve with lamb. Transfer remaining charmoula to large resealable plastic bag. Add lamb chops; seal bag and turn to coat well. Chill at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Let lamb and charmoula sauce in bowl stand at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 500°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Place rack on prepared baking sheet. Place lamb on rack and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until thermometer inserted into center registers 130°F for medium-rare, about 13 minutes. Transfer lamb to platter. Tent with foil and let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter with 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add asparagus and sauté until tender, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Add shallot and lemon peel. Sauté 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place 2 lamb chops on each of 4 plates. Divide asparagus among plates. Drizzle lamb and asparagus with charmoula sauce, passing remaining sauce alongside. Roasted Lamb Chops with Charmoula and Skillet Asparagus has 1240.0 calories. Roasted Lamb Chops with Charmoula and Skillet Asparagus has 55.0 grams of protein. Roasted Lamb Chops with Charmoula and Skillet Asparagus has 108.0 grams of fat. Roasted Lamb Chops with Charmoula and Skillet Asparagus has 675.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Lamb Chops with Charmoula and Skillet Asparagus are 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 1/2 cups (lightly packed) fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1/2 cup (lightly packed) fresh mint leaves, 1/2 cup (lightly packed) fresh cilantro leaves, 2 large garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon sweet smoked paprika (pimentón dulce)* or sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 8 (1 1/4- to 1 1/2-inch-thick) lamb loin chops (about 2 2/3 pounds), 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 1/2 pounds thin asparagus, trimmed, peeled, tops cut into 3-inch-long pieces, stalks cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 3 tablespoons chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel, *Sometimes labeled sweet pimentón de La Vera; available at some supermarkets, at specialty foods stores, and from tienda.com..Charmoula is a zesty herb and garlic sauce from the Middle East.  Food Processor Garlic Herb Lamb Onion Vegetable Freeze Chill Marinate Roast Sauté Lamb Chop Asparagus Spring Bon Appétit.