Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Place beets in a small baking dish. Add just enough water to cover bottom of pan, drizzle beets with 2 Tbsp. oil, and sprinkle with 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper. Cover pan tightly with aluminum foil if foil is touching beets, line it with parchment paper) and bake beets until a knife can pierce them with little resistance, 55–70 minutes. Let cool slightly, then use a paper towel to slip skins off beets. Cut each beet into 1/4-inch-thick wedges and place in a medium bowl. While beets bake, heat a small skillet over medium and toast walnuts until fragrant, shaking pan often, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and coarsely chop, then transfer to a plate and drizzle with 1 Tbsp. oil; toss to coat. Sprinkle with 1/2 tsp. salt. Whisk lemon juice, mustard, 2 tsp. vinegar, 1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a small bowl until well combined. Whisk in 2 Tbsp. oil in a slow stream. While beets are still warm, toss with half of the vinaigrette to coat. Season with 1 tsp. pepper and 1/4 tsp. salt. Place chard stems and radishes into 2 separate medium bowls and cover each with 1/2 cup vinegar and a pinch of salt. Let rest 5 minutes, then transfer vegetables to paper towels to blot, discarding excess vinegar. Combine vegetables in one of the medium bowls and toss with remaining vinaigrette. Divide beets among 4 plates and top with walnuts, pickled radishes and chard stems, goat cheese, and top with a few grinds of black pepper. Beets can be roasted and refrigerated up to 3 days in advance. Vinaigrette can be made and refrigerated up to 5 days in advance. Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard has 286.0 calories. Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard has 5.0 grams of protein. Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard has 22.0 grams of fat. Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard has 178.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard are 3 medium red or golden beets (about 1 pound), 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1/3 cup walnuts, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup plus 2 teaspoons white wine or Champagne vinegar, divided, 1/2 cup Swiss chard stems, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick pieces, 2 radishes, halved and thinly sliced into half moons, 2 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled.Because beets are sweet and earthy, they need a good helping of acidity and salt to brighten them up. Immediately after cooking, dress beets in vinaigrette and salt to let them marinate. Blue cheese or crème fraîche offer sufficient tang for this salad if goat cheese is not available. If you are following our $68 Dinner Story, reserve the greens from the beets and the remaining Swiss chard stems and greens for the Sautéed Greens with Walnuts . Buy a bunch of radishes and save the rest for the Carrot and Radish Salad with Tuna and Capers .  Salad Side Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Low Cal High Fiber Dinner Lunch Goat Cheese Beet Radish Spring Summer Healthy Low Cholesterol Chard Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.