Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs recipe.  Preheat the oven to 475°F / 240°C. Wash the sweet potatoes, halve them lengthwise, and then cut each half again similarly into 3 long wedges. Mix with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, and some black pepper. Spread the wedges out, skin side down, on a baking sheet and cook for about 25 minutes, until soft but not mushy. Remove from the oven and leave to cool down. To make the balsamic reduction, place the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then decrease the heat and simmer for 2 to 4 minutes, until it thickens. Be sure to remove the pan from the heat when the vinegar is still runnier than honey; it will continue to thicken as it cools. Stir in a drop of water before serving if it does become too thick to drizzle. Arrange the sweet potatoes on a serving platter. Heat the remaining oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and add the green onions and chile. Fry for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring often to make sure not to burn the chile. Spoon the oil, onions, and chile over the sweet potatoes. Dot the figs among the wedges and then drizzle over the balsamic reduction. Serve at room temperature. Crumble the cheese over the top, if using. Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs has 1335.0 calories. Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs has 20.0 grams of protein. Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs has 19.0 grams of fat. Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs has 575.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Sweet Potatoes & Fresh Figs are 4 small sweet potatoes (2 1/4 lb / 1 kg in total), 5 tbsp olive oil, scant 3 tbsp / 40 ml balsamic vinegar (you can use a commercial rather than a premium aged grade), 1 1/2 tbsp / 20 g superfine sugar, 12 green onions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1 1/2-in / 4cm segments, 1 red chile, thinly sliced, 6 ripe figs (8 1/2 oz / 240 g in total), quartered, 5 oz / 150 g soft goat's milk cheese (optional), Maldon sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.Figs are abundant in Jerusalem and many trees, bearing the most delectable fruit, actually belong to no one, so anybody can help themselves. Summer months are always tinted with the smell of wild herbs and ripe figs. The mother of Sami's childhood neighbor and friend, Jabbar, used her roof to dry the glut of figs (and tomatoes) in the hot summer sun, spending hours cleaning and sorting them meticulously. Poor Um Jabbar Sami and her son never wasted time and used to sneak up to her roof regularly, stealing her figs at their peak and causing havoc. This wasn't enough for Jabbar, though. The boy had such a sweet tooth that he always carried around with him an old match box full of sugar cubes, just in case. Unfortunately, this habit had clear ramifications, evident in his "charming" smile.  Salad Vegetarian Fig Sweet Potato Yam Fall.