Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata recipe. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Toss the asparagus with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper in a large mixing bowl. Stir in the garlic. Spread out the asparagus on a baking sheet. In the same mixing bowl, toss the leeks with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 1/2 teaspoon of the pepper. Spread out the leeks on a separate baking sheet. Put both baking sheets in the oven and roast the asparagus and leeks for 5 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the oven, turn once, and return to the oven for another 5 minutes, or until nicely browned. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheets. Reduce the oven temperature to 350°F. Chop the asparagus and leeks into 1-inch pieces. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a 10-inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus, leeks, and red onion and cook for 2 minutes. Using a whisk or a fork, beat the eggs and cream with the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl until frothy. Pour the egg mixture over the asparagus and leeks. Bake the frittata for 10 to 12 minutes, or until it is nicely set but not overly firm. Allow the frittata to stand for 5 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve. Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata has 612.0 calories. Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata has 26.0 grams of protein. Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata has 49.0 grams of fat. Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata has 2644.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Asparagus and Leek Frittata are 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed of tough bottom stems, 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sliced garlic, 2 leeks (white and pale green parts), trimmed, halved, and washed very well, 1 red onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice, 6 extra-large eggs, 1/4 cup heavy cream.A fine choice for a spring menu, although good whenever you can find fresh asparagus, this frittata has an especially nice flavor because the asparagus and leeks are roasted and caramelized before being added. If you like, roast the vegetables a day ahead of time and refrigerate them until ready to use.  Egg Breakfast Brunch Bake Mother's Day Asparagus Leek Spring Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.