Roasted Quail with Wild Mushrooms recipe.  To clean the mushrooms, wash in a bowl of cold water, gently tossing so as not to bruise them. Repeat 2 times. Using a paring knife, trim the ends and scrape the stems, removing the outer layer. Let dry thoroughly on paper towels at room temperature or uncovered in your refrigerator—this could take up to a couple of hours and can be done the day before. In a large sauté pan over high heat, heat the 1 teaspoon oil. Add the mushrooms and cook until browned. Reduce the heat to medium and add the port, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom. Reduce until the liquid is a syrupy consistency, about 10 minutes. In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, puree the chicken cubes and livers; slowly add the egg whites, then the cream. Mix until thoroughly combined. Pass the poultry puree through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl. Roughly chop the cooled mushrooms and add with any residual juice) to the bowl with the poultry puree. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Season the quail inside and out with salt. Scoop the poultry puree into a pastry piping bag fitted with a 1/2-inch round tip or a large plastic storage bag with one 1/2-inch corner snipped. Pipe puree into each quail body and tie the legs together with butcher's twine. Heat a large cast-iron or heavy-bottomed ovenproof sauté pan over medium heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and brown the quail on all sides. You may need to work in batches. Transfer the pan to the oven use two pans or transfer to a large roasting pan if necessary) and roast the quail for 30 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the center of the quail registers 155°F. Let rest in the pan for 5 minutes before serving. The ingredients of Roasted Quail with Wild Mushrooms are 1 pound of wild mushrooms, such as chanterelle, hen-of-the-woods, black trumpet, or a mixture, 1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup white port, 10 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed, 6 quail livers, 2 large egg whites, 1/4 cup heavy cream, 6 (14-ounce) whole semi-boneless quail, Kosher salt.This recipe is a wonderful way to celebrate the spoils of the Southern hunt, though it is just as delicious when made with farm-raised quail. If quail livers aren't included with the quail, chicken livers would be a good substitute. The size of a quail makes each bird a perfect individual portion for a dinner party. To make the stuffing, we've used another reward of the "hunt": wild mushrooms. When we forage in the woods near Summerland Farm, the mushrooms we most often find are chanterelles and hen-of-the-woods, especially prolific during a moist season. If you are foraging, be absolutely sure you know what you are looking for, as poisonous varieties can sometimes look dangerously similar to edible ones. To be on the safe side, visit a gourmet market or natural foods grocery store for a nice choice of mushrooms. We serve the quail on a bed of Wilted Autumn Greens.  Food Processor Mushroom Poultry Sauté Dinner Quail Fall Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.