Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad recipe.  Heat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Roast hazelnuts on a baking sheet in oven until fragrant and pale golden inside cut one open to test), 8 to 10 minutes keep oven on). Wrap hot nuts in a towel and rub together to remove any loose skins. Halve nuts. While nuts are roasting, cook pancetta in a 9- to 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Increase oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Lightly oil baking sheet. Halve squash lengthwise and seed. Use vegetable peeler to peel squash into long thin ribbons into a large bowl. Toss squash with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl until coated. Spread ribbons evenly on a 13- by 9-inch baking sheet, or arrange ribbons into a 13- by 9-inch rectangle on a larger baking sheet. Bake until tender, 15 to 20 minutes, then turn on broiler and broil until lightly browned, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Bring cider to a boil in a small saucepan, then boil until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Whisk reduced cider with cider vinegar, shallot, Dijon mustard, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add 1/2 cup oil in a slow stream, whisking, and whisk until emulsified. Toss arugula and chicory in a very large bowl with about 1/2 cup vinaigrette there will be some left over). Then toss in pancetta and hazelnuts. Cut squash into 8 rectangles and carefully transfer each with a metal spatula to a plate. Divide salad among plates and drizzle a little of remaining vinaigrette on squash. Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad has 328.0 calories. Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad has 5.0 grams of protein. Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad has 27.0 grams of fat. Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad has 451.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Butternut Squash Ribbons with Arugula, Pancetta, and Hazelnut Salad are 1/2 cup hazelnuts, 5 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, halved and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips (about 1 cup), 5 ounces baby arugula, 12 ounces chicory, leaves stripped from center ribs (save ribs for soup) and leaves torn into bite-size pieces (about 12 cups), 1 1/2 pounds butternut squash, trimmed and peeled, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup apple cider or apple juice, 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons sugar, Salt, 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, Special equipment: Y-shaped vegetable peeler.We're skipping the classic cubes in favor of tangled butternut ribbons baked into a moist flat cake for a seriously showstopping first course. Pair the squash with a mix of spicy arugula and ever-so-slightly-bitter chicory enhanced with savory pancetta and toasted hazelnuts. A sweet-tart apple vinaigrette is the final touch atop the most refreshing fall salad we've tasted in a long time.  Salad Roast Thanksgiving Ham Arugula Squash Butternut Squash Fall Winter Hazelnut Gourmet.