Roasted Black Sea Bass with Tomato and Olive Salad recipe.  Mince and mash garlic to a paste with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Transfer to a bowl and whisk in anchovy paste, vinegar, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Whisk in oil. Toss with remaining salad ingredients. Let stand, stirring occasionally, while fish roasts. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Oil a 1 1/2-to 2-quart gratin or other shallow baking dish. Rub flesh sides of fish with 2 teaspoons oil total) and season with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper total). Divide onion slices and oregano sprigs into 2 portions and sandwich each portion between 2 fillets, skin sides out. Tie with kitchen string crosswise at 2-inch intervals and transfer to baking dish. Score skin on top in several places with a sharp knife and drizzle with remaining 4 teaspoons oil. Roast fish until just cooked through, about 15 minutes. Cut off string and cut sandwiched fillets in half crosswise. Serve topped with salad. Roasted Black Sea Bass with Tomato and Olive Salad has 281.0 calories. Roasted Black Sea Bass with Tomato and Olive Salad has 12.0 grams of protein. Roasted Black Sea Bass with Tomato and Olive Salad has 23.0 grams of fat. Roasted Black Sea Bass with Tomato and Olive Salad has 111.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Black Sea Bass with Tomato and Olive Salad are 1 garlic clove, 1/2 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 pound grape tomatoes (preferably mixed colors), halved if large, 1/2 pound cherry tomatoes (preferably mixed colors), quartered if large, 12 Kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 4 sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, chopped, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped oregano, 4 (6-to 8-ounce) black sea bass fillets with skin, any pin bones removed, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 6 (3-to 4-inch) oregano sprigs, Equipment: kitchen string.Sandwiching meaty black sea bass fillets together with an aromatic filling of red onion and fresh oregano perfumes the fish as it roasts. It tastes—and looks—wonderful topped with a colorful salad of small tomatoes, olives, and more oregano. The peppery, lemony herb, native to the Mediterranean, is a natural with fish.  Olive Tomato Roast Quick & Easy Dinner Bass Healthy Gourmet Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.