Roasted Pork Chops with Serrano Ham Vinaigrette recipe.  Cook bacon in large skillet over medium heat until fat is rendered, about 6 minutes. Remove bacon and reserve for another use. Transfer 1/3 cup bacon drippings to measuring cup add vegetable oil to measure 1/3 cup if necessary). Boil broth in heavy small saucepan until reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in medium nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Add shallot; sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add chopped ham, then brown sugar and vinegar. Increase heat to medium; stir until mixture is syrupy, about 2 minutes. Add reduced broth; boil until slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Pour through strainer into same small saucepan; discard solids in strainer. Set vinaigrette aside. Preheat oven to 375°F. Sprinkle pork chops with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Working in batches, add pork chops to skillet; cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to roasting pan large enough to hold chops in single layer. Add thyme sprigs to pan; place in oven and roast until instant-read thermometer inserted into chops registers 150°F, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven; let stand while finishing vinaigrette. Rewarm vinaigrette over medium heat. Whisk in bacon drippings and Serrano ham. Season with salt and pepper. Place 1 pork chop on each of 6 plates. Drizzle with melted butter. Sprinkle with fleur de sel, if desired. Spoon vinaigrette over. Serve with potato gratins. Roasted Pork Chops with Serrano Ham Vinaigrette has 532.0 calories. Roasted Pork Chops with Serrano Ham Vinaigrette has 21.0 grams of protein. Roasted Pork Chops with Serrano Ham Vinaigrette has 39.0 grams of fat. Roasted Pork Chops with Serrano Ham Vinaigrette has 641.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Pork Chops with Serrano Ham Vinaigrette are 6 bacon slices, 1 2/3 cups low-salt chicken broth, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1/3 cup chopped smoked ham, 5 1/2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 6 3/4- to 1-inch-thick pork rib chops, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 large fresh thyme sprigs, 1/4 cup finely chopped Serrano ham or prosciutto (about 2 ounces), 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, melted, Fleur de sel (French sea salt; optional), Yukon Gold Potato and Fuji Apple Gratins. Pork Roast Sauté Dinner Vinegar Bacon Ham Pork Chop Fall Prosciutto Thyme Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.