Roasted Beets and Carrots with Cumin Vinaigrette, Chickpea Purée, and Flatbread recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place beets in roasting pan; drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil over. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt; toss. Add 2/3 cup water to pan; arrange golden beets on 1 side of pan and red beets on other side. Cover with foil. Roast until tender, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, trim green tops from carrots to 1 inch. Peel carrots and cut into thirds crosswise, then quarter lengthwise. Place carrots on rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with thyme, salt, and pepper; toss to coat. Roast until carrots are tender and beginning to brown, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Cool carrots and beets. Using fingers, rub peel off beets. Cut each beet into 6 wedges. Place golden beets in medium bowl and red beets in another medium bowl. Stir cumin seeds in dry skillet over medium heat until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Transfer 3/4 teaspoon cumin seeds to mortar or spice mill; grind finely. Place whole cumin seeds, ground cumin, and vinegar in small bowl; whisk in 1/2 cup oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Do ahead Beets, carrots, and vinaigrette can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Bring all to room temperature and rewhisk vinaigrette before continuing. Add parsley, shallots, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, carrots, and 2/3 of cumin vinaigrette to bowl with golden beets; toss to blend. Add remaining vinaigrette and 2 teaspoons lemon juice to bowl with red beets; toss to blend. Season both beet mixtures with salt and pepper. Place generous dollop of chickpea puree and 1 flatbread on each of 6 plates. Spoon golden beet-carrot mixture alongside. Tuck red beets into golden beet mixture and serve. Roasted Beets and Carrots with Cumin Vinaigrette, Chickpea Purée, and Flatbread has 540.0 calories. Roasted Beets and Carrots with Cumin Vinaigrette, Chickpea Purée, and Flatbread has 10.0 grams of protein. Roasted Beets and Carrots with Cumin Vinaigrette, Chickpea Purée, and Flatbread has 36.0 grams of fat. Roasted Beets and Carrots with Cumin Vinaigrette, Chickpea Purée, and Flatbread has 972.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Beets and Carrots with Cumin Vinaigrette, Chickpea Purée, and Flatbread are 10 medium beets (red and golden), cleaned, trimmed, 5 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 teaspoon salt, 2/3 cup water, 6 medium carrots with green tops, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1/2 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1/4 cup thinly sliced shallots (about 1 large), 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, divided, chickpea puree, 6 purchased flatbreads. Citrus Appetizer Roast Beet Carrot Shallot Parsley Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.