Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon recipe. Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning over occasionally, until browned and crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain, then carefully transfer drippings from skillet to a small heatproof bowl and stir in white parts of scallions, salt, and pepper. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Tear off 6 1-foot-long) sheets of heavy-duty foil. Make deep crosswise cuts in potatoes 1/4 inch apart, leaving bottom 1/4 inch intact do not cut all the way through). Place each potato on a sheet of foil and drizzle each with 1 tablespoon bacon-dripping mixture, separating slices to allow some to drip into cuts. Gather up foil around potatoes, crimping foil to tightly enclose. Roast potatoes until tender, 45 to 50 minutes. Just before serving, stir together sour cream and scallion greens and crumble bacon over mixture. Carefully open foil packets and transfer packets to a platter. Serve potatoes with sour-cream topping. Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon has 346.0 calories. Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon has 9.0 grams of protein. Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon has 19.0 grams of fat. Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon has 512.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream and Bacon are 6 bacon slices (6 ounces), 1/2 cup sliced white parts of scallions plus 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallion greens (from 1 bunch), 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 6 medium russet (baking) potatoes (2 1/2 pounds), 1 (8-ounce) container sour cream, Special equipment: 12-inch-wide heavy-duty foil.Since these potatoes are "hasslebacked," or sliced accordion-style, before baking, the scallions and bacon fat really penetrate; the sour cream and bacon are the icing on the cake. (The dish has been known to elicit marriage proposals from strangers and tears from bacon lovers.).  Dairy Onion Pork Potato Side Roast Gourmet Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.