Roasted Sweet-Potato Spears with Bacon Vinaigrette recipe. Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 450°F. Peel sweet potatoes, then cut each lengthwise into 6 spears. Cut spears in half crosswise if desired, then arrange in 1 layer in a large 17- by 12-inch) shallow baking pan. Cook bacon in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until browned and crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, then pour bacon fat through a fine-mesh sieve onto potato spears and toss with 2 spatulas to coat. Sprinkle spears with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and roast uncovered), turning every 15 to 20 minutes, until potatoes are tender and edges are browned, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer to a serving dish. Return bacon to cleaned skillet, then add oil and heat over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Stir in white part of scallions and remove from heat. Stir in vinegar, water, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper and pour over potato spears. Sprinkle potatoes with scallion greens and serve warm. Roasted Sweet-Potato Spears with Bacon Vinaigrette has 376.0 calories. Roasted Sweet-Potato Spears with Bacon Vinaigrette has 7.0 grams of protein. Roasted Sweet-Potato Spears with Bacon Vinaigrette has 18.0 grams of fat. Roasted Sweet-Potato Spears with Bacon Vinaigrette has 604.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Sweet-Potato Spears with Bacon Vinaigrette are 4 pounds medium sweet potatoes (about 7), 1/2 pound sliced bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide strips, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, reserving sliced greens separately, 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon water.Don't be surprised if these spears prove even more popular than the classic mash—they brown up beautifully, and it's hard to resist the siren call of bacon.  Onion Side Roast Thanksgiving Vinegar Bacon Sweet Potato Yam Fall Gourmet Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.