Roast Pork Tenderloins with Cranberry-Port Sauce recipe.  Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until golden, about 8 minutes. Add garlic, 1 1/2 teaspoons orange peel, sage, and 1 teaspoon thyme; stir 1 minute. Add broth and cranberry juice; simmer until mixture is reduced to 2 1/2 cups, about 8 minutes. Strain sauce into heavy medium saucepan, pressing on solids with back of spoon. Add cranberries and sugar; boil just until berries pop, about 5 minutes. Mix Port and cornstarch in small bowl to blend. Add to sauce; boil until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cranberry sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Mix remaining 4 1/2 teaspoons thyme, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper in small bowl. Place pork in large baking dish. Pat dry with paper towel. Brush with 2 tablespoons oil. Rub thyme mixture over pork. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add pork and cook until brown, turning frequently, about 5 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and roast pork until instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of pork registers 150°F, about 20 minutes. Transfer pork to platter; cover to keep warm. Add cranberry sauce and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons orange peel to same skillet and bring to simmer, stirring frequently. Cut pork into 1/2-inch-thick diagonal slices. Divide slices among 8 plates. Drizzle sauce over and serve. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Cranberry-Port Sauce has 430.0 calories. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Cranberry-Port Sauce has 37.0 grams of protein. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Cranberry-Port Sauce has 16.0 grams of fat. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Cranberry-Port Sauce has 548.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Pork Tenderloins with Cranberry-Port Sauce are 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cups chopped onions, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 3 teaspoons grated orange peel, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried sage leaves, 5 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 1/2 cups cranberry juice cocktail, 2 cups fresh or frozen (unthawed) cranberries (about 8 ounces), 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 cup tawny Port, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 3 1-pound pork tenderloins, excess fat trimmed, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil.White and red wines go equally well with pork. A lightly oaked Chardonnay and a fruity Merlot would be nice.  Fruit Juice Garlic Onion Pork Roast Cranberry Port Winter Bon Appétit.