Roast Pork Tenderloins with Balsamic-Chestnut Glaze recipe. Combine oil and 1/4 cup vinegar in heavy large roasting pan. Add pork; turn to coat. Marinate pork 1 hour at room temperature or 2 hours in refrigerator. Transfer pork to large rimmed baking sheet; pat dry. Discard marinade in pan. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spread mustard over top of pork, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast pork until thermometer inserted into center registers 145°F, about 25 minutes. Remove pork from oven; let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in chestnuts, garlic, sugar, and sage; cook 2 minutes. Add remaining 3 tablespoons vinegar and 3 tablespoons water; bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until mixture thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Season glaze with salt and pepper. Slice pork into 1/2-inch-thick rounds. Transfer to platter. Drizzle with warm glaze and serve. *To prepare fresh chestnuts, start with heavy, glossy nuts with firm, smooth shells. Cut a small cross on one side of each shell to let steam escape as the nuts roast and to make them easier to peel afterward. Place chestnuts in a shallow roasting pan; sprinkle with water. Roast in 400°F oven for 25 to 20 minutes. Wrap hot chestnuts in towl and squeeze to crush the shells. Keep nuts wrapped for 5 minutes before removing the hard outer shell and the brown skin inside, being wary of burning your fingers. One pound of fresh chestnuts equals about two cups when shelled. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Balsamic-Chestnut Glaze has 565.0 calories. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Balsamic-Chestnut Glaze has 43.0 grams of protein. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Balsamic-Chestnut Glaze has 27.0 grams of fat. Roast Pork Tenderloins with Balsamic-Chestnut Glaze has 237.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Pork Tenderloins with Balsamic-Chestnut Glaze are 1/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 pork tenderloins, each 12 to 16 ounces, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1 1/2 cups peeled roasted chestnuts*, or jarred chestnuts, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 3 tablespoons water. Nut Pork Roast Sauté Quick & Easy Vinegar Pork Tenderloin Fall Winter Sage Chestnut Bon Appétit.