Roast Squabs with Porcini and Country Bread Salad recipe. Preheat oven to 450°F. Bring 2 cups water, garlic, and 1 teaspoon sea salt to a boil, then drain in a colander. Blanch garlic in same manner 2 more times. Cut bread into 1/4-inch-thick sticks and toast on a baking sheet in middle of oven until pale golden, about 6 minutes. Leave oven on. Peel stems of porcini with a sharp small knife just until white flesh is exposed, then quarter mushrooms lengthwise. Pat squabs dry and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Put a sprig of thyme in cavity of each squab and divide garlic confit among cavities. Tie legs of squabs together with kitchen string and fold wings back. Heat 2 tablespoons duck fat in a well-seasoned 10-inch cast-iron skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown squabs in 2 batches, turning, about 5 minutes, transferring to a plate and reserving skillet. Add 1 1/2 more tablespoons duck fat to skillet and sauté porcini in 2 batches over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 3 minutes add another 1 1/2 tablespoons duck fat to skillet for second batch). Stir in blanched garlic, toasted bread, and salt and pepper to taste and remove from heat. Put a 13- by 9-inch metal baking pan on bottom rack of oven to catch drips) and arrange squabs, breast sides up, in a small circle without touching) on middle rack of oven directly above baking pan. Roast squabs, carefully basting once with remaining tablespoon duck fat, 15 minutes. Replace baking pan with skillet of bread salad, positioning it directly under birds. Roast squabs and bread salad until an instant-read thermometer inserted in fleshy part of a thigh avoid bone) registers 155°F for medium meat and mushrooms in bread salad are tender, about 5 minutes. If mushrooms are not tender, roast bread salad 5 to 8 minutes more.) Transfer squabs to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes, then halve lengthwise with poultry shears or a sharp knife. Toss bread salad with parsley and lemon juice and serve with squabs. Roast Squabs with Porcini and Country Bread Salad has 1114.0 calories. Roast Squabs with Porcini and Country Bread Salad has 56.0 grams of protein. Roast Squabs with Porcini and Country Bread Salad has 71.0 grams of fat. Roast Squabs with Porcini and Country Bread Salad has 1868.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Squabs with Porcini and Country Bread Salad are 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon fine sea salt, 1 (10-inch) round or oval sourdough loaf (1 1/2 lb), crust discarded, 9 fresh porcini (cèpes; 3/4 lb), trimmed, 3 (1-lb) squabs, 3 large sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons garlic confit purée garlic confit purée, 6 tablespoons strained duck fat (from garlic confit purée ), 1/3 cup loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, Special equipment: kitchen string.Active time: 1 3/4 hr Start to finish: 2 3/4 hr.  Game Garlic Mushroom Roast Fall Thyme Parsley Gourmet.