Roast Chicken With Sorghum and Squash recipe. Bring 5 cups water to a boil in a medium pot, season with salt, and add sorghum. Cover and cook until tender, about 1 hour. Drain well. Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and set a rimmed baking sheet on lower rack; preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange squash on another rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and dot with 2 Tbsp. butter. Place on upper rack in oven. Roast, turning occasionally to recoat with butter, until tender, 40–45 minutes. Meanwhile, rub chicken all over with oil; season with salt and pepper. Place skin side down on heated baking sheet on lower rack in oven. Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, 30–35 minutes. Cook remaining 4 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium heat until it foams, then browns be careful not to let it burn), about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; add sorghum, squash, broth, maple syrup, and vinegar to brown butter and toss to combine. Simmer until liquid is evaporated, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice; season with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. Divide squash and sorghum among plates and top with chicken, parsley, and pomegranate seeds. Roast Chicken With Sorghum and Squash has 1143.0 calories. Roast Chicken With Sorghum and Squash has 63.0 grams of protein. Roast Chicken With Sorghum and Squash has 77.0 grams of fat. Roast Chicken With Sorghum and Squash has 311.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Chicken With Sorghum and Squash are Kosher salt, 1 cup sorghum, 1/2 large butternut squash, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 2 cups), 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, divided, 4 bone-in chicken legs (thigh and drumstick; about 3 pounds total), 1 tablespoon olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon (or more) sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped parsley, 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds.Sorghum is a gluten-free grain, with a texture similar to wheat berries, barley, and millet—so feel free to substitute those for this chicken recipe instead.  Bon Appétit Dinner Chicken Grains Wheat Gluten-Free Butternut Squash Maple Syrup Pomegranate Parsley.