Roast Chicken with Hot-Sauce Butter recipe. Wearing gloves, halve and seed chiles. Purée chiles, pepper, zest, 2 tablespoons liqueur, 1 tablespoon salt, and garlic in a blender. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let ferment at room temperature for 12 hours. Purée chile mixture in a blender with vinegar, remaining 2 tablespoons liqueur, and remaining 1 tablespoon salt until smooth. Set a fine-mesh strainer over a small saucepan. Strain mixture, pressing on solids. Heat hot sauce over medium heat. Stir cornstarch and 2 teaspoons water in a small bowl until smooth. Whisk cornstarch mixture into hot sauce. Simmer, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 2 minutes. Whisk in 3 tablespoons butter. Season to taste with salt. Keep warm. Preheat oven to 450°. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken, skin side down, until golden, about 5 minutes. Turn chicken and cook 6 minutes. Remove breasts from pan and transfer to a plate. Place skillet in oven and roast legs for 12 minutes. Return breasts to skillet; roast until legs and breasts are cooked through, about 10 minutes longer. Serve with hot-sauce butter. Roast Chicken with Hot-Sauce Butter has 927.0 calories. Roast Chicken with Hot-Sauce Butter has 64.0 grams of protein. Roast Chicken with Hot-Sauce Butter has 63.0 grams of fat. Roast Chicken with Hot-Sauce Butter has 3109.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Chicken with Hot-Sauce Butter are 3 ounces orange Scotch bonnet or habanero chiles (about 10), 1 orange bell pepper, halved, seeded, coarsely chopped, 4 1x3 inch strips orange zest, 4 tablespoons St-Germain liqueur, divided, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, divided, plus more for seasoning, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 1 cup Champagne vinegar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, divided, 1 3-pound chicken, cut into 4 pieces, backbone removed, Freshly ground black pepper. Chicken Roast Fourth of July Cinco de Mayo Father's Day Dinner Vinegar Bell Pepper Family Reunion Butter Chile Pepper Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.