Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans recipe.  Preheat the oven to 450°F. Quarter and core the apples. Dice half of them and set aside. Thinly slice the remainder lengthwise and set aside. In a medium sauté pan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the carrot, celery, shallots, and diced apples and sauté until softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and add the crumbled corn bread, then add the chicken broth, melted butter, thyme, and chopped pecans and toss thoroughly with your hands to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the cavity of each quail with salt and pepper, then stuff a little of the corn bread mixture inside. Season the outside of the quail with salt and pepper and tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Heat the oil over high heat in a heavy ovenproof sauté pan just large enough to hold the quail without touching each other. Add the quail and sear, turning occasionally, until golden, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast the quail, for 6 to 9 minutes; the breast meat should still be a rosy color. Remove the string from the quail before serving. TO DRINK: Chinon, Jouget; Pinot Noir, Bethel Heights Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans has 1033.0 calories. Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans has 48.0 grams of protein. Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans has 77.0 grams of fat. Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans has 160.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Quail with Apples and Pecans are 2 firm tart apples, such as Fuji, Braeburn, or Granny Smith, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 1 celery stalk, diced, 2 shallots, diced, 1 cup crumbledCorn Bread, 1/4 cup chicken broth or canned low-sodium broth, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 thyme sprigs, leaves removed, 1/2 cup pecans, lightly toasted, half roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 semi-boneless quail, wing tips trimmed, rinsed and patted dry, 1 tablespoon canola or olive oil.Throughout the season, quail is always on the Highlands menu. We stuff them with ham, tasso, chicken liver, foie gras, crawfish, or corn bread. Our quail come from a farm in South Carolina, but most butchers or specialty markets sell semi-boneless quail, ideal for stuffing. (Editor's Note: The recipe below is for four quail, enough to serve two people as a main course. If you are cooking for more people, chef Stitt recommends that you prepare two quail for each extra person and adjust the other ingredients proportionally.).  Fruit Nut Poultry Roast Sauté Christmas Thanksgiving Apple Pecan Quail Celery Carrot Fall Winter Thyme.