Roasted Beets With Fennel and Bonito Dressing recipe.  Preheat oven to 425°F. Toss beets with 1 Tbsp. oil in an 8x8" baking dish; season with salt. Add 1/4 cup water and cover tightly with foil. Roast beets, shaking once, until a knife slips easily through flesh, 60–75 minutes. Let cool slightly, then rub off skins with paper towels. Using 2 forks, tear beets into large pieces; toss in a large bowl with 2 Tbsp. oil. Meanwhile, toast aniseed in a small saucepan over medium heat, tossing often until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add vinegar, sugar, 2 tsp. salt, and 1 cup water. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep 20 minutes. Place fennel in a small bowl and strain brine over. Cover and chill until cold, about 2 hours. Cook garlic, butter, and 1/4 cup oil in a small saucepan over medium, stirring occasionally, until garlic is soft but not brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in bonito flakes and transfer to a blender. Purée until only a few flecks of bonito remain. Prepare a grill for medium heat. Grill beets, turning occasionally, until lightly charred, about 5 minutes. Transfer back to bowl; toss with bonito dressing and lemon juice and season with salt. Toss arugula and remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in a medium bowl; season with salt. Grill until lightly charred in spots, about 30 seconds. Transfer back to bowl. Arrange beets on a platter and top with arugula and drained pickled fennel. Roasted Beets With Fennel and Bonito Dressing has 426.0 calories. Roasted Beets With Fennel and Bonito Dressing has 5.0 grams of protein. Roasted Beets With Fennel and Bonito Dressing has 34.0 grams of fat. Roasted Beets With Fennel and Bonito Dressing has 1186.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Beets With Fennel and Bonito Dressing are 2 pounds small or medium red beets, scrubbed, 1/2 cup olive oil, divided, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, 1 teaspoon aniseed or fennel seeds, 1/2 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 small fennel bulb, halved lengthwise, very thinly sliced crosswise, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/3 cup bonito flakes, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup trimmed mature arugula.Granted, this is a bit of work for a salad, but that’s how to transform vegetables into brag-worthy ingredients. To simplify, you could char the beets and greens in a dry cast-iron skillet. This recipe is from Oberlin, one of Bon Appétit's Hot 10, America's Best New Restaurants 2016.  Bon Appétit Salad Beet Arugula Anise Fennel Fall.