Roasted Root Vegetables with Rosemary recipe. Position 1 rack in bottom third of oven and 1 rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Spray 2 heavy large baking sheets with nonstick spray. Combine all remaining ingredients except garlic in very large bowl; toss to coat. Season generously with salt and pepper. Divide vegetable mixture between prepared sheets. Place 1 sheet on each oven rack. Roast 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Reverse positions of baking sheets. Add 5 garlic cloves to each baking sheet. Continue to roast until all vegetables are tender and brown in spots, stirring and turning vegetables occasionally, about 45 minutes longer. Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Let stand on baking sheets at room temperature. Rewarm in 450°F oven until heated through, about 15 minutes.) Transfer roasted vegetables to large bowl and then serve. Roasted Root Vegetables with Rosemary has 348.0 calories. Roasted Root Vegetables with Rosemary has 5.0 grams of protein. Roasted Root Vegetables with Rosemary has 19.0 grams of fat. Roasted Root Vegetables with Rosemary has 118.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roasted Root Vegetables with Rosemary are Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 pound red-skinned potatoes, unpeeled, scrubbed, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 pound celery root (celeriac), peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 pound rutabagas, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 pound carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 pound parsnips, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 onions, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 leeks (white and pale green parts only), cut into 1-inch-thick rounds, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1/2 cup olive oil, 10 garlic cloves, peeled.Roast these up to four hours ahead; put them in to reheat when the prime rib is done.  Onion Potato Vegetable Side Roast Christmas Thanksgiving Wheat Gluten-Free Rosemary Leek Root Vegetable Carrot Parsnip Fall Winter Rutabaga Christmas Eve Bon Appétit Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.