Roasted Pineapple-Habanero Chile Salsa recipe.  In a large, heavy nonstick dry skillet, cook the pineapple slices in batches, if necessary) over low heat until caramelized, 6 to 7 minutes per side. It is important to cook the pineapples on low heat so the sugars in the fruit develop deep flavor, without any burning.) Remove from the heat and cut the pineapple into 1/8-inch dice. In a large bowl, mix the diced pineapple with the chile, bell pepper, cilantro, and lime juice. Serve immediately for the freshest flavor, but you can make this salsa 1 to 3 hours ahead. The ingredients of Roasted Pineapple-Habanero Chile Salsa are 1 pineapple (about 3 1/2 pounds), peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch-thick rings, 1 orange or red habanero chile, dry-roasted, seeded, and minced (page 154), 1 sweet red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into 1/8-inch dice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice.All the vibrant, sun-drenched brilliance of the tropics is captured in this salsa that evolves in your mouth—first sweet, then hot. Luscious ripe pineapple is a perfect partner to the fiery, fragrant habanero chile. Not only is the habanero the hottest chile readily available fresh, when cut open it releases an intense perfume of ripe tropical fruits—mango, pineapple, citrus. As a finishing touch, a squeeze of fresh lime adds a pop of flavor and brightens the sometimes cloying sweetness of a really ripe pineapple. This salsa pairs well with dishes that are tropical in origin or spirit, that have bright, fresh flavors, or that have been simply marinated or grilled, whether fish or meat. It’s delicious with almost all fish and seafood tacos and grilled chicken dishes. If you cannot find fresh habaneros, substitute one tablespoon of a fruity hot or extra-hot habanero sauce with a mango base (Melinda’s makes a good one) for the habanero chile.  Sauce Side Pineapple Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.