Roast Rack of Lamb recipe.  Let the racks) come to room temperature and season all over with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Spread the stew meat and onion on the bottom of a roasting pan just large enough to hold the racks). Place the racks) on top. Slide the pan into the oven and roast for about 25 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the roast without touching bone reads 125°F to 130°F or until the meat feels firm when you press both ends of the racks). Transfer the racks) to a platter or cutting board, tent loosely with aluminum foil, and let rest for 15 minutes before carving. While the racks) are resting, make the jus. Put the roasting pan on the stove top over high heat and stir around the pieces of meat until the meat is browned and any juices have caramelized on the bottom of the pan. Discard the fat and return the pan to high heat. Deglaze the pan with 1/2 cup of the broth, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Boil down the broth until it caramelizes into a crusty brown layer with a layer of clear fat on top. Pour off the fat, return the pan to high heat, and deglaze the pan with a second 1/2 cup broth, again boiling it down. Deglaze the pan with the remaining 1 cup broth, stirring until the crust has dissolved into the liquid, and then strain the liquid through a fine-mesh strainer into a warmed sauceboat. Carve the racks), cutting between the ribs. Pass the jus at the table. Roast Rack of Lamb has 1004.0 calories. Roast Rack of Lamb has 47.0 grams of protein. Roast Rack of Lamb has 87.0 grams of fat. Roast Rack of Lamb has 916.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roast Rack of Lamb are 1 American rack of lamb (8 chops) or 2 New Zealand racks of lamb (16 chops total), about 1 1/2 pounds, ribs frenched, Salt, Pepper, 1 pound lamb stew meat or trimmings, cut into 1/2-inch strips, 1/2 onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cups chicken broth.A rack is one of the most luxurious cuts from the lamb and makes a dramatic roast. Count on two ribs per person (four servings per rack) if you're using American lamb and four ribs per serving if you're using New Zealand or Australian lamb. When carving, alternate sides as you serve the ribs so one person isn't stuck with the "seconds," the ribs from the shoulder end of the rack.
If you have a double rack of lamb, split it. This removes the chine bone automatically. If you have a single rack, make sure the butcher trims off the chine bone so you can carve the rack easily. French the rack and remove the layer of fat that covers half of the rack on the shoulder end. This helps the meat to cook evenly.  Lamb Onion Roast Dinner Rack of Lamb Sugar Conscious Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.