Roasted Mustard Tarragon Chicken recipe.  Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Pull off excess fat around cavities of chicken and discard, then rinse chicken and pat dry. Mix together 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and rub inside cavity. Chop enough tarragon to measure 1 1/2 tablespoons and set aside, then add remainder of bunch to cavity. Put chicken in a flameproof shallow roasting pan or gratin dish and rub all over with 1/3 cup mustard. Tie legs together with string and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into fleshy part of a thigh do not touch bone) registers 170°F, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Carefully tilt chicken so juices from cavity run into roasting pan, then transfer chicken to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from pan. Whisk in flour, then cook over medium heat, whisking, 1 minute. Add water, whisking constantly and scraping up brown bits, and bring to a boil. Simmer sauce until slightly thickened, then whisk in cream, remaining tablespoon mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Strain sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids, then stir in reserved chopped tarragon. Serve chicken with sauce. The ingredients of Roasted Mustard Tarragon Chicken are 1 chicken (about 3 1/2 pounds), 1 bunch tarragon, divided, 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, divided, 1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 1/4 cups water, 1/4 cup heavy cream, kitchen string.Slathering mustard on chicken is one easy way to a juicy, flavorful bird. Like its creator, Ruth Cousineau, this dish revels in simplicity without being austere: Gild the lily by making a delectably creamy, mustardy gravy from the pan juices. The gravy, in turn, begs for mashed potatoes, and by adding a salad—voilà, the perfect Sunday dinner. (Editor's note: This recipe is solely the creation of Ruth Cousineau and has not been formally tested by the test kitchen.).  Milk Cream Chicken Mustard Roast Dinner Tarragon Potluck Gourmet Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.