Root Vegetable Tarte Tatin recipe.  Place a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 400°. Toss potato, sweet potato, carrots, parsnip, and onion with oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper and arrange vegetables in a single layer. Roast until golden around the edges and tender, 30-35 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, cook sugar and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, swirling pan occasionally, until mixture is amber-colored, 5-7 minutes. Remove from heat and add vinegar and a pinch of salt, swirling pan to combine. Quickly pour caramel into a 9"-diameter pie pan; tilt and rotate pan to evenly coat bottom with caramel. Scatter rosemary and sage over top. Arrange potatoes, carrots, and parsnips snugly in a single layer on top of caramel, using smaller carrot and parsnip pieces to fill in any holes. Scatter onion rings and crumble goat cheese over vegetables. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to a 12" round. Drape over vegetables, tucking edges into pan. Prick dough all over with a fork. Bake until crust looks dry, about 20 minutes; reduce heat to 350° and bake until crust is golden brown, 15-20 minutes. Let tart cool 5 minutes before inverting carefully onto a large plate. Do ahead: Vegetables can be roasted 4 hours ahead. Keep at room temperature. Root Vegetable Tarte Tatin has 407.0 calories. Root Vegetable Tarte Tatin has 8.0 grams of protein. Root Vegetable Tarte Tatin has 23.0 grams of fat. Root Vegetable Tarte Tatin has 177.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Root Vegetable Tarte Tatin are 1 medium Yukon Gold potato, peeled, sliced into 1/2" rounds, 1 medium sweet potato, peeled sliced into 1/2" rounds, 2 medium carrots, peeled, sliced into 1/2" rounds, 1 medium parsnip, peeled, sliced into 1/2" rounds, 1 small red onion, sliced into 1/2" rounds, 1/4 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, 1 disk All-Butter Pie Dough, All-purpose flour (for surface).We love the color and texture you get from using a combination, but any single root vegetable can be used here, too.  Onion Potato Side Bake Kid-Friendly Goat Cheese Carrot Parsnip Sweet Potato Yam Healthy Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.