Roquefort Dip with Apple, Endive, and Celery Hearts recipe. If using fromage blanc, in a bowl stir together with milk and Sherry until smooth. If using cream cheese, with an electric mixer beat together with milk and Sherry until smooth. Crumble Roquefort and gently stir into mixture being careful not to break up lumps). Dip may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Have ready a large bowl of ice and cold water. Trim root ends of endives and separate leaves. Trim celery to 4- to 6-inch lengths. Remove any discolored outer leaves from radicchio and trim root end slightly so radicchio stands upright. Put vegetables in bowl of ice water to crisp and to help radicchio leaves open). Let vegetables stand at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours. In a colander drain radicchio and shake to remove water. Twist and pull out center leaves to form a "bowl" for dip. Spoon dip into radicchio or a small bowl. In colander drain endive and celery and pat dry. Quarter apple and remove core. Cut quarters into thin wedges. Put several ice cubes in each of 2 wine glasses and stand endive, celery, and apple over ice. Serve dip with apple, endive, and celery. Roquefort Dip with Apple, Endive, and Celery Hearts has 92.0 calories. Roquefort Dip with Apple, Endive, and Celery Hearts has 5.0 grams of protein. Roquefort Dip with Apple, Endive, and Celery Hearts has 5.0 grams of fat. Roquefort Dip with Apple, Endive, and Celery Hearts has 314.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Roquefort Dip with Apple, Endive, and Celery Hearts are 4 ounces fromage blanc or softened cream cheese (about 1/2 cup), 3 tablespoons milk, 2 teaspoons medium-dry Sherry, 4 ounces Roquefort (about 1 cup crumbled), 2 Belgian endives, 12 inner celery ribs with leaves, 1 medium head white radicchio* (optional), 1 crisp red apple such as Gala or Fuji, *available at some specialty produce shops.This dip is especially attractive served in a hollowed-out head of Castelfranco radicchio, a white radicchio with loose, pink-streaked leaves that readily open to form a bowl.  Condiment Spread Mixer Cheese Fruit No-Cook Cocktail Party Vegetarian Blue Cheese Cream Cheese Apple Celery Summer Endive Gourmet.