Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard recipe. In a large heavy saucepan, bring the milk almost to a boil, then remove from the heat. Remove 1/2 cup of the milk and set aside. Gently mix the rose petals into the warmed milk in the pan and let infuse for 15 to 20 minutes. Strain the milk through cheesecloth or a fine strainer, discarding the petals. Pour the infused milk back into the saucepan, add the sugar and vanilla, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Whisk the cornstarch into the reserved 1/2 cup milk until there are no lumps. Add the cornstarch mixture to the pan and simmer over low heat, stirring gently with a rubber spatula, for 7 to 10 minutes, or until it is thickened and coats the spatula. Remove from the heat and let cool. Eddy loves the subtle taste of the wild roses in this dish but if you prefer a stronger rose flavor, add the rosewater. Gently fold in the raspberries. Ladle into separate dessert dishes and sprinkle the top with ground pistachios. Cool in the refrigerator. Serve chilled or at room temperature. Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard has 228.0 calories. Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard has 7.0 grams of protein. Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard has 8.0 grams of fat. Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard has 72.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rose Petal and Pistachio Raspberry Custard are 1 quart whole milk, 4 ounces (5 cups) wild rose petals, plus more for decoration (from 2 grocery bagfuls of flower-laden branches), 1/4 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1/2 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon rosewater, or to taste (optional), 1 pint fresh raspberries, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground unsalted pistachios.Eddy was inspired by his Afghan mother-in-law's recipe for firni, traditionally a special-occasion milk pudding with pistachios and cardamom. The subtle rose flavors blend well in this only slightly sweet simple custard with green, red, and white colors. It can be made a day ahead and served at room temperature or slightly chilled.  Milk Cream Berry Dairy Fruit Nut Dessert Raspberry Tree Nut Pistachio Summer Shower Chill Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.