Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes recipe.  Bring pitted prunes, 1 1/3 cups water, Sherry wine vinegar and sugar to boil in heavy medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium and cook until liquid is syrupy, about 20 minutes. Set prunes aside. Preheat oven to 400°F. Blend 1/4 cup olive oil, garlic cloves, chopped fresh rosemary and cracked black pepper in food processor to form paste. Place pork tenderloins in roasting pan; rub with 3 1/2 tablespoons garlic paste. Set remaining garlic paste aside. Roast pork tenderloins until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 150°F, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat remaining garlic paste and dried crushed red pepper in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add 12 cups sliced escarole; cover and cook until wilted, about 6 minutes. Mix in chicken stock. Transfer pork to work surface and slice. Mix any pan juices from pork into prunes and bring to simmer. Divide escarole among 6 plates. Top with pork slices, then prunes. Serve immediately. Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes has 420.0 calories. Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes has 27.0 grams of protein. Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes has 14.0 grams of fat. Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes has 79.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rosemary-Garlic Pork Tenderloin with Sweet-and-Sour Prunes are 8 ounces (1 1/3 cups) pitted prunes, 1 1/3 cups water, 2/3 cup Sherry wine vinegar, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 cup olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloins, Generous pinch of dried crushed red pepper, 12 cups sliced escarole (about 1 large head), 1 cup chicken stock or canned low-salt chicken broth."I had the pleasure of dining at Bacco restaurant during one of my many visits to New Orleans," writes Scott J. Grande of Ormond Beach, Florida. "It's run by Ralph Brennan, who is a gracious and accommodating host. The pork tenderloin on escarole that I had for dinner was delicious; I hope you'll be able to get the recipe for my collection.".  Garlic Pork Roast High Fiber Vinegar Prune Rosemary Fall Escarole Bon Appétit.