Rosemary Chicken with Broccoli Rabe recipe.  Combine lemon juice, shallots, 2 teaspoons oil, rosemary and 1 teaspoon garlic in glass dish. Add chicken; turn to coat. Cover; chill 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bring large pot of water to boil. Add broccoli rabe; cook 1 minute. Drain. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 4 teaspoons garlic; stir 30 seconds. Add broccoli rabe; stir until liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Transfer to 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Heat same skillet over medium-high heat. Remove chicken from marinade, reserving marinade. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add to skillet; sauté until brown but not cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Arrange chicken atop broccoli rabe. Add broth and reserved marinade to skillet; boil until reduced to 1 cup, about 5 minutes. Pour over chicken. Cover with foil; bake until chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Rosemary Chicken with Broccoli Rabe has 395.0 calories. Rosemary Chicken with Broccoli Rabe has 63.0 grams of protein. Rosemary Chicken with Broccoli Rabe has 12.0 grams of fat. Rosemary Chicken with Broccoli Rabe has 219.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rosemary Chicken with Broccoli Rabe are 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 3 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried, 5 teaspoons minced garlic, 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, 2 bunches broccoli rabe or collard greens, thick stem ends trimmed, tender stems and leaves cut into 1-inch pieces (about 12 cups), 2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth.Clyde's Restaurant Group owns several successful restaurants in the Washington, D.C., area. Tom Meyer, head of restaurant development, is especially fond of this popular dish, served with mashed potatoes at Clyde's of Chevy Chase. If you can't find broccoli rabe (an Italian green), collard greens, Swiss chard or mustard greens will work well also.  Chicken Leafy Green Bake Sauté Low Cal Rosemary Winter Bon Appétit.