Rosemary Citrus Miso-Rubbed Turkey recipe.  Pulse about 1/4 of onion rings, plus rosemary and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Add black pepper, poultry seasoning, and miso paste and purée until smooth. Add butter and purée — mixture will appear curdled. Put oven rack in lowest position and preheat to 350°F. Rinse turkey inside and out, then pat dry. Working from large cavity end, gently run fingers between skin and meat of breast to loosen skin, being careful not to tear skin. Push miso butter under skin, including thighs and drumsticks, and massage from outside to spread evenly. Place a lemon slice inside of a pepper ring and slide under skin, positioning evenly over breast and drumsticks. Repeat with remaining pepper and lemon slices until a pleasing pattern results. Sprinkle cavity with seasoned salt. Stuff cavity with lemon and orange quarters, squeezing juice into cavity as you go, and fold neck skin and flap into the cavity. Tie drumsticks together with kitchen string and tuck wings under body. Rub turkey with 2 tablespoons of oil. Shake 1 tablespoon flour in oven roasting bag, layer bottom of bag with onion and celery slices, and place bag into roasting pan. Place turkey on top of onions and celery in bag and close bag with tie included in the box. Cut six 1/2-inch slits in top of bag, as directed. Roast according to package directions, about 2 1/2 to 3 hours, or until timer pops out. Remove from oven and let sit in the bag for 30 minutes. Remove turkey from bag. Strain pan juices into a 3-quart saucepan and skim off excess fat, if desired. Add 4 cups turkey stock to pan juices and bring to a boil. While stock is reaching boil, whisk together water and cornstarch. Slowly pour cornstarch mixture into boiling stock, whisking continuously. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes or until gravy is thickened and clear. Stir in any turkey juices accumulated on platter and season gravy with salt and pepper. Rosemary Citrus Miso-Rubbed Turkey has 841.0 calories. Rosemary Citrus Miso-Rubbed Turkey has 110.0 grams of protein. Rosemary Citrus Miso-Rubbed Turkey has 37.0 grams of fat. Rosemary Citrus Miso-Rubbed Turkey has 1040.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rosemary Citrus Miso-Rubbed Turkey are 1 large onion, peeled and sliced 1-inch thick, separated into rings, and divided, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary leaves (or 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary), 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1/2 cup miso (white or red fermented soybean paste), 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, 1 (15- to 20-lb) turkey with pop-up timer, any feathers or quills removed with tweezers or needle-nosed pliers, and neck and giblets reserved for another use if desired, 2 lemons, one sliced into 1/4-inch slices and one quartered, divided, 1 red bell pepper, sliced into 1/4-inch rings, 1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 orange, quartered, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon flour, 3 stalks celery and leaves chopped into 1-inch slices, 4 cups turkey stock, 1 cup water, 1/3 cup cornstarch, Special equipment: kitchen string, disposable foil roasting pan (15- to 20-lb size), oven roasting bag (24-lb turkey size).We are happy to announce that Bev Jones has won our November "Cook the Cover" contest with her delicious variation on our Miso-Rubbed Turkey with Turkey Gravy.  turkey Roast Thanksgiving Lemon Orange Rosemary Fall Gourmet.