Rugelach Three Ways recipe.  To make the dough: Place the margarine, cream cheese, flour, and confectioners' sugar in the bowl of a mixer or food processor fitted with a metal blade or stand mixer with a paddle and mix just until dough comes together. You can also mix the dough together by hand with a wooden spoon in a large bowl. Divide the dough in half and wrap each ball in plastic and flatten. Freeze 1 1/2 hours or overnight and then remove from freezer half an hour before using. The dough is ready to be rolled when you can press gently into it. If it gets too soft, put it back in the freezer to firm up. Preheat the oven to 350°F. To roll out the rugelach, place a large sheet of parchment on the counter. Sprinkle some flour on the parchment, place one of the dough discs on the parchment, sprinkle again with flour, and then top with a second sheet of parchment. Rolling on top of the parchment, roll out the dough to 13 x 10 inches. Peel back the top parchment once or twice while rolling and sprinkle some more flour on the dough. Remove the top parchment but reserve for re-use. This portion of the dough is now ready to be filled with one of three fillings, or another filling of your choice. After filling the dough, Fold the right and left sides the short sides) of the dough 1/2 inch in toward the center to keep the filling inside. Using the parchment to help you, roll the long side from the top toward you, working slowly and rolling as tightly as you can. Place the parchment you used on top of the dough when rolling it to line a cookie sheet. Place the loaf on the cookie sheet with the seam on the bottom and flatten slightly. Repeat for the other loaf. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the top begins to brown. Let cool and then slice into 1-inch pieces. These can be frozen. I prefer to freeze the baked loaves and then slice them when ready to serve. Melt the chocolate chips on the stovetop or in the microwave, mixing often until the chocolate is smooth. Remove from heat, add cream, and mix well. If using pecans, place them in a plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin. Spread the chocolate mixture evenly on the dough all the way to the edges and then sprinkle with pecan pieces. Spread half the apricot jam or preserves evenly on the dough. Combine sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and then sprinkle half on top of the jam. Spread the orange marmalade over the dough and sprinkle on the pine nuts. Rugelach Three Ways has 91.0 calories. Rugelach Three Ways has 1.0 grams of protein. Rugelach Three Ways has 5.0 grams of fat. Rugelach Three Ways has 41.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rugelach Three Ways are 1 cup (2 sticks) parve margarine, 8 ounces parve cream cheese, softened, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling out dough, 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar, 4 ounces parve chocolate chips, 6 tablespoons parve whipping cream, 1/4 pecan halves (optional), 1 cup apricot jam or preserves, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/2 cup sweet orange marmalade, 1/3 cup pine nuts.I am a big fan of rugelach made with cream cheese, so I used soy cream cheese to make these. There are so many different fillings for rugelach; my favorite is apricot jam or chocolate. It is fun to make different flavors so that when you place them on a platter, you see rows of different color swirls. In my baking classes, I give the students a buffet of choices so they can create their own combinations. Here I've given you three fillings to choose from. If you prefer to make one type, simply double one of the filling recipes (each filling amount is enough for half the dough). Or you can divide the dough into four and make four types—any flavor of jam, coconut, raisins, currants, or any kind of chopped nuts make great fillings.  Cookies Chocolate Dessert Bake Hanukkah Cream Cheese Pine Nut Cinnamon Jam or Jelly Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.