Rum Cake with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Island Fruit recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 3-inch-high sides. Whisk flour and baking powder in medium bowl. Beat butter, sugar, and salt in large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix 1 cup water and vanilla extract in measuring cup. Fold flour mixture into butter mixture in 3 additions alternately with water mixture in 2 additions. Transfer batter to prepared springform pan. Bake cake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Cool completely in pan on rack. Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.) Combine first 7 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high. Boil without stirring until sauce is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm slightly before continuing.) Remove sides from cake pan. Slice cake. Place 1 wedge on each plate. Place scoop of ice cream alongside. Spoon chopped tropical fruit alongside. Drizzle cake with sauce. Sprinkle with chopped pecans and serve. Rum Cake with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Island Fruit has 560.0 calories. Rum Cake with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Island Fruit has 7.0 grams of protein. Rum Cake with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Island Fruit has 27.0 grams of fat. Rum Cake with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Island Fruit has 226.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Rum Cake with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Island Fruit are 3 cups all purpose flour, 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 1/4 cups (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 3/4 cups sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 5 large eggs, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar, 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Rum raisin ice cream, 4 cups chopped tropical fruit (such as pineapple, mango, papaya, and guava), Toasted chopped pecans.What to drink: Serve a splurge-worthy aged rum in a snifter, to sip like brandy.  Cake Milk Cream Rum Egg Fruit Dessert Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Raisin Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.