Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds recipe. Crush saffron, if using, with the handle of a wooden spoon or crush between your fingers) in a small bowl until a powder forms. Add 1 Tbsp. hot water. Swirl gently; set aside to steep. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large pot over medium-high. Add almonds, cinnamon, cayenne, and 1/4 tsp. salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until toasted and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer almonds to a small bowl; reserve oil in pot. Heat oil in pot over medium-high. Add onion and remaining 2 Tbsp. oil and 1 1/2 tsp. salt, reduce heat to medium, and cook until onion is light brown and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add quinoa and cook, tossing to coat, until fragrant and beginning to brown, 1–2 minutes. Stir in 4 cups water, cover pot, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until quinoa is cooked and water is absorbed, 20–30 minutes. Remove from heat, sprinkle cherries over, cover, and let sit 10 minutes. Transfer 2 cups quinoa mixture to a medium bowl. Reserve 1/2 cup toasted almonds, then toss remaining almonds with remaining quinoa mixture and transfer to a platter. Toss quinoa in bowl with saffron water until coated, then garnish platter with saffron quinoa. Top with remaining toasted almonds. Quinoa, with cherries, can be cooked 3 days ahead. Transfer to a resealable container and chill. Reheat over low on stovetop or in a 300°F oven until warmed. Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds has 271.0 calories. Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds has 7.0 grams of protein. Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds has 11.0 grams of fat. Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds has 283.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Saffron Quinoa with Dried Cherries and Almonds are 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads (optional), 3 tablespoons coconut oil or olive oil, divided, 1 1/2 cups sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cups quinoa, 1 1/2 cups dried cherries.Saffron rice is an indispensable accompaniment in Persian cuisine, and it tastes just as good made with fluffy quinoa. Crushing and steeping the saffron in hot water brings out its full flavor and color. If you have coconut oil on hand, the naturally sweet flavor pairs nicely with the cherries and almonds.  Side Passover Quinoa Spring Dried Fruit Cherry Saffron Almond Wheat Gluten-Free Vegetarian Vegan.