Sage-Roasted Turkey with Caramelized Onions and Sage Gravy recipe. Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Toss onions and 2 tablespoons oil in large roasting pan. Roast until onions are golden brown, stirring every 15 minutes, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry. Slide hand under skin of turkey breast to loosen skin. Spread butter under skin over breast meat. Arrange 4 sage leaves under skin on each side of breast. If stuffing turkey, spoon stuffing loosely into main cavity. Tuck wing tips under turkey; tie legs together loosely. Rub turkey all over with 1 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place turkey atop onions in pan. Add neck, heart and gizzard pieces to pan. Roast turkey 30 minutes. Pour 1 cup broth into pan. Tent turkey loosely with foil. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Roast turkey 2 hours. Uncover; continue to roast until turkey is golden brown and thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 180°F, basting occasionally with pan juices, about 1 hour longer if unstuffed or about 1 hour 30 minutes longer if stuffed. Transfer to platter. Tent loosely with foil; let stand 30 minutes. Remove neck and giblet pieces from pan; discard. Pour onion mixture into large glass measuring cup; spoon off fat, reserving 2 tablespoons. Add more chicken broth to onion mixture if necessary to measure 5 cups. Heat reserved 2 tablespoons turkey fat in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped sage; stir 30 seconds. Add flour; whisk until beginning to color, about 3 minutes mixture will be dry and crumbly). Gradually whisk in onion mixture, wine and nutmeg. Simmer until gravy thickens to desired consistency, whisking frequently, about 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Serve turkey with gravy. Sage-Roasted Turkey with Caramelized Onions and Sage Gravy has 746.0 calories. Sage-Roasted Turkey with Caramelized Onions and Sage Gravy has 118.0 grams of protein. Sage-Roasted Turkey with Caramelized Onions and Sage Gravy has 21.0 grams of fat. Sage-Roasted Turkey with Caramelized Onions and Sage Gravy has 483.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sage-Roasted Turkey with Caramelized Onions and Sage Gravy are 1 1/2 pounds onions, sliced, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 14- to 15-pound turkey; neck, heart and gizzard cut into 1-inch pieces and reserved, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, room temperature, 8 large whole fresh sage leaves plus 1 1/2 teaspoons chopped, 1 cup (or more) canned low-salt chicken broth, 6 tablespoons all purpose flour, 3/4 cup dry white wine, Pinch of ground nutmeg.Jim Fobel, cookbook author, says, "During my high school years, I always had two Thanksgiving dinners: one with my family at midday, and another later at the home of my girlfriend, Susie Mednick. Her mother cooked the turkey on a bed of caramelized onions, which mixed with the turkey drippings to produce the best gravy I’ve ever tasted. This gravy features those onions along with my mother's favored seasonings: sage and nutmeg.".  Onion turkey Roast Christmas Thanksgiving Dinner Fall Sage Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.