Salade Chaude aux Lentilles Avec Vinaigrette à la Moutarde recipe.  In a heavy saucepan combine lentils, water, onion, bacon, garlic, thyme, and parsley sprigs and simmer, covered, 20 minutes. Stir in carrots and simmer mixture, covered, until lentils are tender, about 10 minutes. Lentils may be made 2 days ahead and kept in cooking liquid, covered and chilled. Reheat lentils before proceeding with recipe. Transfer 2 tablespoons lentil-cooking liquid to a medium bowl and whisk in vinegar, mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Add oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk dressing until emulsified. Drain lentils well in a sieve and discard parsley sprigs and garlic. Toss lentils with chopped parsley and vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Just before serving, arrange arugula decoratively around salad. Salade Chaude aux Lentilles Avec Vinaigrette à la Moutarde has 281.0 calories. Salade Chaude aux Lentilles Avec Vinaigrette à la Moutarde has 11.0 grams of protein. Salade Chaude aux Lentilles Avec Vinaigrette à la Moutarde has 16.0 grams of fat. Salade Chaude aux Lentilles Avec Vinaigrette à la Moutarde has 173.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salade Chaude aux Lentilles Avec Vinaigrette à la Moutarde are 1 cup lentilles du Puy (French green lentils) picked over and rinsed, 6 cups water, 1 onion, chopped fine, 3 bacon slices, chopped, 1 garlic clove, halved, 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 fresh flat-leafed parsley sprigs plus 1/2 cup leaves, chopped fine, 2 carrots, diced fine (about 3/4 cup), 2 teaspoons white-wine vinegar, 1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, or to taste, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 bunch arugula, coarse stems discarded, washed well and spun dry.Common brown lentils may be substituted for the lentils of Le Puy but they cook much more quickly- in about twelve minutes initially. In this recipe the carrots may be cooked separately in boiling salted water until tender for a brighter color. Lentilles du Puy (French green lentils) are available at specialty foods shops and some natural foods stores.  Salad Bean Vegetable Side Bastille Day Vinegar Bacon Carrot Healthy Simmer Gourmet.