Salmon with Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Sauce recipe. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; sauté 5 minutes. Add wine, beef broth, thyme and 1 bay leaf; boil until liquid is reduced to 1 cup, about 35 minutes. Strain sauce into small saucepan. Preheat oven to 350°F Place orzo on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in another heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add shallots; sauté 4 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Add orzo, chicken broth and 1 bay leaf; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook uncovered until orzo is tender and broth is absorbed, stirring often, about 20 minutes. Add cream and tarragon; simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle salmon with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté just until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Bring sauce to simmer. Add butter; whisk just until melted. Season with pepper. Spoon orzo onto plates. Top with salmon. Serve with sauce. Salmon with Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Sauce has 967.0 calories. Salmon with Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Sauce has 49.0 grams of protein. Salmon with Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Sauce has 49.0 grams of fat. Salmon with Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Sauce has 465.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salmon with Mushroom Orzo and Red Wine Sauce are 7 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 cups canned beef broth, 8 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound orzo, 6 shallots, minced, 1 pound mushrooms, sliced, 5 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 6 5-ounce skinless boneless salmon fillets, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces.In this delicious dish from Asterix & Obelix, the orzo is toasted before it's cooked, giving the pasta a nice nutty flavor.  Wine Fish Mushroom Pasta Sauté Dinner Seafood Salmon Red Wine Winter Bon Appétit.