Salmon with Sesame and Orange-Ginger Relish recipe. Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl to blend; transfer to 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Place salmon, skin side up, in orange juice mixture; cover with plastic and chill at least 2 hours and up to 4 hours. Bring to room temperature 30 minutes before cooking. Using small sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from oranges. Working over bowl, cut between membranes to release segments into bowl. Mix red pepper and next 7 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Fold in reserved orange segments and any accumulated juices. Can be prepared 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil; generously brush with vegetable oil. Place fish, skin side down, on prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until fish is just opaque in center, about 20 minutes. Using large spatula, gently loosen salmon from foil. Using foil as aid, carefully lift salmon from sheet and allow salmon to slide from foil onto platter. Mound orange relish down center of fish, sprinkle with sesame seeds, and serve. Salmon with Sesame and Orange-Ginger Relish has 389.0 calories. Salmon with Sesame and Orange-Ginger Relish has 30.0 grams of protein. Salmon with Sesame and Orange-Ginger Relish has 24.0 grams of fat. Salmon with Sesame and Orange-Ginger Relish has 480.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salmon with Sesame and Orange-Ginger Relish are 1/3 cup dry white wine, 1/3 cup fresh orange juice, 2 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 2 1/2-pound salmon fillet, 3 large navel oranges, 1/2 cup matchstick-size strips red pepper, 1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons grated orange peel, 1 teaspoon oriental sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, Vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted.Look for wild salmon fillets. You can ask the fishmonger to remove the pinbones, or remove them at home with tweezers.  Ginger Bake Marinate Dinner Orange Salmon Bell Pepper White Wine Cilantro Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.