Salmon with Lentils and Mustard-Herb Butter (Saumon aux Lentilles) recipe.  Stir together all ingredients with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Bring lentils, water, and 3/4 teaspoon salt to a boil in a heavy medium saucepan, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until lentils are just tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup cooking liquid, then drain lentils. While lentils cook, chop leeks, then wash . Cook leeks in butter in a heavy medium skillet over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add lentils with reserved cooking liquid to leeks along with 3 tablespoons mustard-herb butter and cook, stirring, until lentils are heated through and butter is melted. Add lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat and keep warm, covered. Pat salmon dry and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper total). Heat butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until foam subsides, then sauté salmon, turning once, until golden and just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes total. Serve salmon, topped with remaining mustard-herb butter, over lentils. Salmon with Lentils and Mustard-Herb Butter (Saumon aux Lentilles) has 742.0 calories. Salmon with Lentils and Mustard-Herb Butter (Saumon aux Lentilles) has 47.0 grams of protein. Salmon with Lentils and Mustard-Herb Butter (Saumon aux Lentilles) has 47.0 grams of fat. Salmon with Lentils and Mustard-Herb Butter (Saumon aux Lentilles) has 148.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salmon with Lentils and Mustard-Herb Butter (Saumon aux Lentilles) are 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 teaspoon chopped tarragon, 2 teaspoons grainy mustard, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup French green lentils, 4 cups water, 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1/2 to 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 4 (6-ounce) pieces skinless salmon fillet, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter.Despite the fact that salmon seems to be everywhere these days, this dish is something very special. Mustard-herb butter gives a lemony pop to the meatiness of the fish, while French green lentils add a unique texture that regular brown lentils just don't have.  Sauté Quick & Easy Dinner Salmon Leek Lentil Fall Winter Simmer Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.