Salmon with Black Bean Sauce recipe.  Preheat the oven to 400°F. Lightly grease a shallow roasting pan. Combine 1/2 cup boiling water and the chopped beans in a small bowl; set aside for 10 minutes, then drain. Meanwhile, arrange the salmon in the roasting pan, skinned side down. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of the oil over the salmon and bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until cooked to your desired doneness. Meanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the soaked and drained black beans, the ginger, and garlic; cook for 1 minute. Whisk together the broth, 1/3 cup water, the wine, cornstarch, and sugar in a bowl and add to the black bean mixture. Bring the sauce to a boil, stirring constantly, and simmer for 2 minutes. Serve each portion of salmon topped with some of the sauce and sprinkled with some of the scallions. The ingredients of Salmon with Black Bean Sauce are 2 tablespoons fermented black beans, rinsed, drained, and chopped, Four 6- to 7-ounce skinless pieces center-cut salmon fillet, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger (use a Microplane), 1 garlic clove, minced (about 1 teaspoon), 2/3 cup canned low-sodium chicken broth or Chicken Stock, 1 1/2 tablespoons rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced (about 1/2 cup).Fermented black beans should be in everyone's pantry—they complement just about any protein and they can be turned into a sauce in no time at all. They are actually small black soy beans preserved in salt. You have to soak them to eliminate some of that salt, but then they are good to go. This sauce would go great not only with salmon, but on top of chicken, shrimp, tofu, or stir-fried vegetables. Serve with Butter-steamed Broccoli with Soy and Simple Boiled Rice.  Wine Bean Garlic Ginger Vegetable Quick & Easy Low Cal High Fiber Low Sodium Dinner Lunch Salmon Sherry Healthy Low Cholesterol Simmer Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.