Salmon Teriyaki with Carrots and Onions recipe. In a small saucepan simmer sauce ingredients, stirring until sugar is dissolved, until reduced to about 1/2 cup and cool to room temperature in a metal bowl set in a larger bowl of ice and cold water. In a baking dish large enough to just hold salmon steaks in one layer marinate salmon in sauce, turning to coat, 15 minutes. While salmon is marinating, in a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch vegetables 2 minutes, or until crisp-tender, and drain in a colander. Transfer vegetables to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking and drain well. In a 10-inch heavy skillet preferably cast iron) heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Transfer salmon to skillet with a metal spatula, letting excess sauce drip off into reserved marinade, and reduce heat to moderate. Sauté salmon, turning once, until just cooked through and browned well, about 2 1/2 minutes on each side, and transfer to 2 plates. Pour off oil and cook vegetables, stirring, 1 minute. Add reserved sauce and boil, stirring, 1 minute, or until thickened. Spoon vegetables and sauce over salmon and garnish with scallion greens. Salmon Teriyaki with Carrots and Onions has 398.0 calories. Salmon Teriyaki with Carrots and Onions has 25.0 grams of protein. Salmon Teriyaki with Carrots and Onions has 21.0 grams of fat. Salmon Teriyaki with Carrots and Onions has 2493.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salmon Teriyaki with Carrots and Onions are 1/3 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine) or medium-dry Sherry, 2 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh gingerroot, two 1/2 inch-thick salmon steaks, 2 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut diagonally into 1/4-inch slices, 1 onion, cut into 1/4-inch slices, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Garnish: 2 scallion greens, cut decoratively.Can be prepared in less than 45 minutes.  Fish Ginger Onion Marinate Sauté Quick & Easy Vinegar Salmon Carrot Healthy Soy Sauce Gourmet.