Salted Caramel Ice Cream recipe.  Heat 1 cup sugar in a dry 10-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring with a fork to heat sugar evenly, until it starts to melt, then stop stirring and cook, swirling skillet occasionally so sugar melts evenly, until it is dark amber. Add 1 1/4 cups cream mixture will spatter) and cook, stirring, until all of caramel has dissolved. Transfer to a bowl and stir in sea salt and vanilla. Cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, bring milk, remaining cup cream, and remaining 1/4 cup sugar just to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, stirring occasionally. Lightly whisk eggs in a medium bowl, then add half of hot milk mixture in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Pour back into saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until custard coats back of spoon and registers 170°F on an instant-read thermometer do not let boil). Pour custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, then stir in cooled caramel. Chill custard, stirring occasionally, until very cold, 3 to 6 hours. Freeze custard in ice cream maker it will still be quite soft), then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to firm up. Salted Caramel Ice Cream has 265.0 calories. Salted Caramel Ice Cream has 3.0 grams of protein. Salted Caramel Ice Cream has 18.0 grams of fat. Salted Caramel Ice Cream has 123.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salted Caramel Ice Cream are 1 1/4 cups sugar, divided, 2 1/4 cups heavy cream, divided, 1/2 teaspoon flaky sea salt such as Maldon, 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup whole milk, 3 large eggs, Equipment: an ice cream maker.It might seem odd to describe something cold—ice cream—as sultry, but there is no denying genuine come-hither appeal. Based on a traditional candy from Brittany (and a favorite flavor pairing among French and American chefs), the combination of salty and sweet exerts an almost primordial pull, and cream, milk, and eggs provide lush, luxurious texture.  Milk Cream Ice Cream Machine Egg Kid-Friendly Backyard BBQ Frozen Dessert Vanilla Gourmet.