Salted Chocolate Caramel Tart recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Place the butter and sugar in a food processor and process until pale. Add the cocoa, flour, egg and vanilla and process to a smooth dough. Press into the base and sides of a 26cm loose-bottomed, fluted tart tin to 5mm thick. Trim the edges and refrigerate until firm. Prick the dough with a fork and bake for 15 minutes or until the pastry is cooked. Set aside. To make the filling, place the cream and butter in a saucepan over medium heat until melted. Set aside. Place the sugar and water in a saucepan over low heat and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Increase the heat to high and boil, without stirring, until dark golden and the mixture reaches 170°C 340°F) on a sugar thermometer. Remove from the heat and carefully whisk in the cream mixture. Return the pan to low heat and stir for 5 minutes or until thickened. Pour into the pastry shell and refrigerate until firm. To make the glaze, place the cream in a saucepan over low heat. Add the chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Pour the chocolate over the caramel and refrigerate until firm. Sprinkle with salt and cut into wedges to serve. Salted Chocolate Caramel Tart has 619.0 calories. Salted Chocolate Caramel Tart has 5.0 grams of protein. Salted Chocolate Caramel Tart has 35.0 grams of fat. Salted Chocolate Caramel Tart has 143.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salted Chocolate Caramel Tart are 150 g unsalted butter, softened, 2/3 cup confectioner's sugar, 1/3 cup Dutch cocoa powder, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Sea salt, to serve, 3/4 cup half and half, 90 g unsalted butter, 1 1/2 cups superfine sugar, 1/2 cup water, 1/2 teaspoon sea salt flakes, 1/2 cup half and half, 125 g dark chocolate, chopped.Sweet and savory meet with delicious results in this elegant tart.  HarperCollins Dessert Tart Chocolate Anniversary Valentine's Day Butterscotch Caramel Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.