Salt-Crusted Beets with Horseradish Crème Fraîche recipe. Whisk crème fraîche, horseradish, chopped chives, and Sherry wine vinegar in small bowl to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Preheat oven to 375°F. Mix coarse salt, horseradish, thyme, and orange peel in medium bowl. Place three 3-tablespoon mounds of salt mixture on small rimmed baking sheet, spacing apart. Top each salt mound with 1 beet, then cover all beets with remaining salt mixture, pressing very firmly with hands and forming crust around each beet, covering completely. Roast beets 1 3/4 hours. Remove from oven; crack salt crusts open and remove beets. Peel beets; cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Arrange beet slices on platter. Serve with horseradish crème fraîche. Salt-Crusted Beets with Horseradish Crème Fraîche has 198.0 calories. Salt-Crusted Beets with Horseradish Crème Fraîche has 4.0 grams of protein. Salt-Crusted Beets with Horseradish Crème Fraîche has 12.0 grams of fat. Salt-Crusted Beets with Horseradish Crème Fraîche has 45407.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Salt-Crusted Beets with Horseradish Crème Fraîche are 1 cup crème fraîche (8 ounces), 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons Sherry wine vinegar, 2 cups coarse kosher salt, 5 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange peel, 3 large unpeeled beets (each about 8 ounces), trimmed, scrubbed.Here's a great new way to roast beets: in a salt crust. The horseradish, thyme, and orange in the crust infuse the beets with bright flavor as they're cooking. Leftover beets make a great addition to salads. Lightly coat torn butter lettuce with a Sherry wine vinaigrette, top with the sliced beets and some sliced red onion, and drizzle with a bit of the horseradish crème fraîche.  Milk Cream Side Roast Vegetarian High Fiber Horseradish Orange Beet Winter Healthy Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.