Sausages and Pork Chops Baked with Fruited Sauerkraut recipe.  Place sauerkraut in large bowl. Fill bowl with enough cold water to cover; soak 30 minutes. Drain. Preheat oven to 350°F. Cook bacon in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat until brown and almost crisp, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels. Add pork chops to Dutch oven; cook over medium-high heat until golden, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer to plate. Add sausages to Dutch oven; stir until golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer to plate with pork chops. Reduce heat to medium. Add onions and carrots to Dutch oven and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Add broth, wine, sauerkraut, and bacon to Dutch oven; stir to blend. Cover and bake 45 minutes. Mix apricots and prunes into sauerkraut. Arrange pork chops and sausages over sauerkraut. Cover Dutch oven; bake until chops are cooked through and most of liquid is absorbed, about 30 minutes. Serve hot, passing mustards separately. Sausages and Pork Chops Baked with Fruited Sauerkraut has 719.0 calories. Sausages and Pork Chops Baked with Fruited Sauerkraut has 53.0 grams of protein. Sausages and Pork Chops Baked with Fruited Sauerkraut has 36.0 grams of fat. Sausages and Pork Chops Baked with Fruited Sauerkraut has 2544.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sausages and Pork Chops Baked with Fruited Sauerkraut are 1 2-pound jar sauerkraut, drained, 5 bacon slices, chopped, 4 pork loin chops (each about 1 1/4 inches thick), 4 assorted fully cooked sausages (such as bratwurst and knockwurst), 2 cups chopped onions, 1 cup chopped carrots, 2 1/2 cups canned chicken broth, 1 cup dry white wine, 1/2 cup quartered dried apricots (about 3 ounces), 1/2 cup quartered prunes (about 3 1/2 ounces), Assorted mustards.Transforming cabbage into sauerkraut was one way the Germans preserved summer's crop for the hard winter ahead. A combination of rinsing the kraut of its salty brine and baking it with dried fruit mellows its bite. Smoked pork chops can be substituted; just omit the browning step. Offer some dark and light German beers to drink.  Bake Sauté Dinner Prune Apricot Bacon Pork Chop Sausage Oktoberfest Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.