Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad recipe. Prick potatoes with a fork. Microwave, covered with a paper towel, on high power until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Cutting lengthwise, remove top fourth of each potato and scoop out centers reserve for another use), leaving 1/2-inch-thick walls. Whisk together mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon water, tomato paste, anchovy paste, and 1 1/2 tablespoons mustard. Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Cook onion in oil with a pinch of salt in a small heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, tear bread into small pieces, then soak in milk in a medium bowl until very soft. Mix in sausage, parsley, onion, and 2 tablespoons mayonnaise sauce with your hands. Divide filling between potatoes, then coat skins lightly with oil. Bake in a 4-sided sheet pan until sausage is cooked through, about 30 minutes. While potatoes bake, whisk 1 tablespoon mayonnaise sauce with lemon juice, remaining 1 1/2 teaspoon mustard and 1/2 teaspoon water, and salt and pepper to taste. Remove potatoes from oven and turn on broiler. Spoon remaining mayonnaise sauce over filling and broil 3 to 4 inches from heat until charred in spots, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool slightly. Toss greens with dressing and serve with potatoes Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad has 858.0 calories. Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad has 27.0 grams of protein. Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad has 53.0 grams of fat. Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad has 1218.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sausage Stuffed Potatoes with Green Salad are 2 large russet (baking) potatoes (preferably organic; 3/4 pound each, scrubbed, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon water, divided, 3/4 teaspoon tomato paste, 1/2 teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, divided, 1/2 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil plus additional for coating potatoes, 1/2 slice firm white sandwich bread, 1 tablespoon milk, 1/2 pound bulk breakfast sausage (1 cup), 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 5 cups salad greens (2 ounces).Chef Christian Constant's unforgettable potatoes stuffed with pigs' trotters at Les Cocottes, in Paris, inspired this homey but adventurous take on an American favorite: the stuffed baked potato. We used breakfast sausage and a savory glaze that does double duty as a salad dressing.  Potato Bake Sausage Winter Lettuce Gourmet.