Sauteéd Chicken Cutlets with Asparagus, Spring Onions, and Parsley-Tarragon Gremolata recipe. Mix first 5 ingredients in small bowl; cover gremolata and set aside. Heat heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add saffron and stir until slightly darker, about 30 seconds. Transfer to another small bowl; cool and crumble saffron. DO AHEAD: Gremolata and saffron can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Sprinkle chicken lightly with coarse salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches and adding more oil as needed, cook chicken until lightly browned and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Arrange chicken on platter; tent with foil. Add 1 tablespoon oil and butter to same skillet. Add white and green parts of onions and sauté until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Add asparagus. Sprinkle saffron over vegetables. Sprinkle with coarse salt and pepper and sauté 1 minute. Add broth, reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered until vegetables are tender and broth reduces and thickens to glaze, about 5 minutes. Stir in crème fraîche and gremolata. Season with salt and pepper. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to platter, arranging around chicken. Drizzle sauce over chicken and serve. Sauteéd Chicken Cutlets with Asparagus, Spring Onions, and Parsley-Tarragon Gremolata has 337.0 calories. Sauteéd Chicken Cutlets with Asparagus, Spring Onions, and Parsley-Tarragon Gremolata has 36.0 grams of protein. Sauteéd Chicken Cutlets with Asparagus, Spring Onions, and Parsley-Tarragon Gremolata has 17.0 grams of fat. Sauteéd Chicken Cutlets with Asparagus, Spring Onions, and Parsley-Tarragon Gremolata has 125.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sauteéd Chicken Cutlets with Asparagus, Spring Onions, and Parsley-Tarragon Gremolata are 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange peel, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel, 1/4 teaspoon (scant) saffron threads, 12 chicken cutlets (1/4 to 1/2 inch thick; about 2 pounds), Coarse kosher salt, 2 tablespoons (or more) extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon butter, 3/4 pound spring onions or green onions (dark green parts discarded); white parts cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, pale green parts cut into 1/2-inchthick slices (scant 2 cups), 1 1/2 pounds slender asparagus, tops cut into 3-inch pieces, stems cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth, 2 tablespoons crème fraîche or heavy whipping cream.Gremolata is usually made with parsley, garlic, and lemon peel. Here, shallot replaces garlic, and tarragon and orange peel are added.  Chicken Sauté Low Cal High Fiber Dinner Orange Asparagus Spring Family Reunion Tarragon Parsley Green Onion Scallion Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.