Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Herbed Mustard Butter and Duo of Spring Peas recipe.  Whisk 4 1/2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon tarragon vinegar, fresh tarragon, mustard, and parsley in small bowl. Arrange chicken in single layer in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes. Pat chicken dry. Sprinkle both sides of chicken with dried tarragon, salt, and pepper. Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Meanwhile, melt remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons butter with oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and sauté until brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to platter. Place rounded teaspoon tarragon butter on each chicken breast. Tent loosely with foil to keep warm. Add vegetables to boiling water. Cook until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes; drain. Transfer to bowl. Toss with remaining tarragon butter; season with salt and pepper. Arrange vegetables around chicken, garnish with tarragon sprigs, and serve. Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Herbed Mustard Butter and Duo of Spring Peas has 222.0 calories. Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Herbed Mustard Butter and Duo of Spring Peas has 7.0 grams of protein. Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Herbed Mustard Butter and Duo of Spring Peas has 17.0 grams of fat. Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Herbed Mustard Butter and Duo of Spring Peas has 43.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sauteed Chicken Breasts with Herbed Mustard Butter and Duo of Spring Peas are 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, divided, 2 1/2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, divided, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 6 skinless boneless chicken breast halves, pounded to 1/2-inch thickness, 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 1/2 cups fresh snow peas, trimmed, 2 cups frozen petite peas, 1 1/2 cups 1-inch pieces green onions, Fresh tarragon sprigs.Serve with: New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc • saffron-scented couscous • glazed baby carrots • mint-chocolate mousse.  Chicken Mustard Onion Sauté Pea Spring Tarragon Parsley Bon Appétit.