Sautéed Pork Tenderloin with Prunes recipe.  In a small bowl, pour the wine over the prunes and let soak for at least 1 hour or up to overnight. Trim the silver skin off the tenderloins. Cut the tenderloins into rounds about 3/4 inch thick. Season the rounds on both sides with salt and pepper. In a sauté pan just large enough to hold the rounds, heat the olive oil over high heat. When it smokes, add the pork rounds and brown, turning once, for about 3 minutes on each side, or until they feel firm to the touch. If they start to get too brown, turn down the heat. Transfer the pork rounds to a warmed platter and set aside in a warm spot. Pour the fat out of the pan. Drain the prunes, reserving the wine and prunes separately. Measure out 1/2 cup of the wine. Return the pan to high heat and add the 1/2 cup wine and the prunes. Deglaze the pan, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, then stir in the meat glaze, if using. Boil until the wine is reduced by about half; if you have added the glaze, the sauce will develop a lightly syrupy consistency. Add the cream and boil until reduced to a light sauce consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange the pork rounds on warmed plates and spoon the sauce and prunes over the top. Sautéed Pork Tenderloin with Prunes has 587.0 calories. Sautéed Pork Tenderloin with Prunes has 49.0 grams of protein. Sautéed Pork Tenderloin with Prunes has 24.0 grams of fat. Sautéed Pork Tenderloin with Prunes has 712.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sautéed Pork Tenderloin with Prunes are 1 cup dry or semisweet white wine, 1/2 pound pitted prunes, 2 pork tenderloins, about 1 pound each, Salt, Pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons meat glaze (see below), 1/2 cup heavy cream.To sauté pork tenderloins, cut them into rounds (noisettes) about 3/4 inch thick, brown them over high heat, and then continue cooking them until they are firm to the touch. Here, they are served with a sauce made with prunes soaked in wine, a little meat glaze (if you have it), and some cream.  Milk Cream Pork Sauté Dinner Prune Pork Tenderloin White Wine Fall Winter Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.