Sautéed Greens with Toasted Walnuts recipe.  Heat a large skillet over medium and toast walnuts, shaking pan often, until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Transfer nuts to a plate. Heat same skillet over medium and add oil and butter, stirring to combine. Once butter melts, add onion, 1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add Swiss chard stems and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 2 minutes more. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 1 minute. Add Swiss chard greens, beet greens, vinegar, remaining 1 tsp. salt, and remaining 1/4 tsp. pepper. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally with tongs, until tender, about 3–4 minutes. Uncover and cook 1 minute more. Serve topped with toasted walnuts. Sautéed Greens with Toasted Walnuts has 112.0 calories. Sautéed Greens with Toasted Walnuts has 3.0 grams of protein. Sautéed Greens with Toasted Walnuts has 9.0 grams of fat. Sautéed Greens with Toasted Walnuts has 808.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sautéed Greens with Toasted Walnuts are 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1/2 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 bunch Swiss chard (about 12 ounces), stems and greens separated, stems sliced crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces, greens coarsely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Greens from 1 bunch beets, coarsely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups greens), 3 teaspoons white wine or Champagne vinegar.Toasted walnuts add a rich nuttiness to earthy greens. If you are following our $68 Dinner Story, use the reserved beet and Swiss chard greens and remaining chard stems from the Roasted Beet Salad with Flash-Pickled Radishes and Chard .  Side Low Fat Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy High Fiber Dinner Walnut Beet Healthy Low Cholesterol Vegan Chard Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.