Sauteed Mushrooms with Smoked Ham recipe. Place dried mushrooms in medium bowl; add enough boiling water to cover. Let stand until mushrooms soften, about 45 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer mushrooms to work surface; reserve mushroom soaking liquid. Chop mushrooms. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add button mushrooms. Sauté until mushrooms are brown and juices evaporate, about 12 minutes. Add porcini mushrooms; stir 1 minute. Transfer mushroom mixture to medium bowl. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil to same skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and next 3 ingredients. Sauté until shallots are tender, about 2 minutes. Add mushroom mixture and 1/2 cup mushroom soaking liquid, leaving behind any sediment. Cover and simmer until mushrooms are tender, stirring occasionally and adding more soaking liquid if mixture is dry, about 20 minutes. Add lemon juice; season with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over medium heat before serving.) Transfer mushroom mixture to serving bowl. Garnish with parsley sprigs. Dried porcini mushrooms are available at Italian markets, specialty foods stores, and many supermarkets. Sauteed Mushrooms with Smoked Ham has 215.0 calories. Sauteed Mushrooms with Smoked Ham has 9.0 grams of protein. Sauteed Mushrooms with Smoked Ham has 15.0 grams of fat. Sauteed Mushrooms with Smoked Ham has 179.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sauteed Mushrooms with Smoked Ham are 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*, 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 1/4 pounds large button mushrooms, halved, 1/2 cup finely chopped shallots, 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives, 1/3 cup finely chopped smoked ham (such as Black Forest), 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Fresh parsley sprigs.Traditionally, this flavorful sauté would be composed entirely of fresh cèpes (we know them better by their Italian name, porcini) gathered from the forests around Bordeaux. In this recipe, dried porcini mushrooms are supplemented with fresh large button mushrooms.  Mushroom Side Sauté Lemon Ham Fall Chive Shallot Bon Appétit Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.