Savory Parmesan Pain Perdu with Poached Eggs and Greens recipe. Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Butter a 1-quart shallow baking dish or a 9-inch pie plate. Arrange bread in 1 layer in dish. Whisk together milk, 1 egg, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Pour over bread. Sprinkle with cheese and press lightly to help bread absorb custard. Let stand until absorbed, 15 to 30 minutes. Dot with butter and bake, uncovered, until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Bring 2 inches water to a boil with a few drops of vinegar in a small deep skillet or saucepan. Break each remaining egg into a cup and slide into water, spacing eggs apart. Poach at a bare simmer to desired doneness we prefer firm whites with runny yolks, 2 to 3 minutes). Meanwhile, toss greens with remaining 2 teaspoons vinegar, oil, and 1/8 teaspoon salt. Divide pain perdu between 2 plates and top with salad. Lift eggs out of poaching liquid 1 at a time with a slotted spoon and place on top of salad. Lightly season eggs with salt and pepper. Savory Parmesan Pain Perdu with Poached Eggs and Greens has 490.0 calories. Savory Parmesan Pain Perdu with Poached Eggs and Greens has 27.0 grams of protein. Savory Parmesan Pain Perdu with Poached Eggs and Greens has 32.0 grams of fat. Savory Parmesan Pain Perdu with Poached Eggs and Greens has 738.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Savory Parmesan Pain Perdu with Poached Eggs and Greens are 6 (1-inch-thick) slices baguette, cut on a diagonal, 1 cup whole milk, 3 large eggs, divided, 1/2 cup grated parmesan, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons red-wine vinegar plus a few drops for cooking eggs, 3 cups baby greens (2 ounces), 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil.We're not dismissing the sweeter side of pain perdu (French toast), but custardy, golden bread just as easily goes savory. Here, it’s baked into a puffy, cheesy base for poached eggs and a salad.  Egg Leafy Green Brunch Poach Valentine's Day Vegetarian Quick & Easy Lunch Parmesan Gourmet Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.