Scallops with  Melted  Leeks and Tarragon-Caper Butter recipe.  Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy small skillet over medium heat. Add capers; sauté until crisp, about 1 minute. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain. Boil wine and next 4 ingredients in small saucepan over medium heat until liquid is reduced to 3 tablespoons, about 15 minutes. Add cream; boil until liquid is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Capers and sauce can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and 3/4 cup water. Simmer until leeks are tender and almost all water evaporates, about 4 minutes. Mix in chives. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer leek mixture to platter. Tent with foil. Sprinkle scallops with salt and pepper. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon oil in another heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add scallops; sauté until cooked, about 2 minutes per side. Arrange atop leeks. Tent with foil. Reheat sauce over medium heat. Gradually add 6 tablespoons butter; whisk until smooth, about 1 minute do not boil). Strain sauce into small bowl. Stir in capers and tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon over scallops. Scallops with  Melted  Leeks and Tarragon-Caper Butter has 684.0 calories. Scallops with  Melted  Leeks and Tarragon-Caper Butter has 18.0 grams of protein. Scallops with  Melted  Leeks and Tarragon-Caper Butter has 49.0 grams of fat. Scallops with  Melted  Leeks and Tarragon-Caper Butter has 544.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Scallops with  Melted  Leeks and Tarragon-Caper Butter are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon drained capers, patted dry, 2 1/2 cups dry white wine, 7 whole peppercorns, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1/4 cup whipping cream, 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) butter, cut into pieces, 5 leeks, chopped (white and pale green parts only; about 4 cups), 3/4 cup water, 1/3 cup (packed) chopped fresh chives, 1 pound sea scallops, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon.The leeks are cooked until they're so tender — or "melted" — that they almost fall apart.  Milk Cream Shellfish Sauté Scallop Leek White Wine Tarragon Chive Capers Bon Appétit.