Scallop Cakes with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise and New Potatoes recipe. Heat olive oil in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Cool. Place scallops in processor. Using on/off turns, coarsely chop scallops. Transfer scallops to large bowl. Stir in onion, chopped chives, parsley, flour, ginger, lime juice, egg, salt, lime peel, and pepper. Form scallop mixture into eight 1/2-inch-thick patties, each about 3 to 3 1/2 inches in diameter. Place scallop cakes on baking sheet. Cover and chill 1 hour. Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Keep chilled.) Preheat oven to 450°F. Heat peanut oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add scallop cakes to skillet and cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer cakes to baking sheet. Place in oven and bake until cooked through, about 7 minutes. Place 2 scallop cakes on each of 4 plates. Top with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise. Place Buttered New Potatoes with Chives alongside. Garnish scallop cakes with whole chives and cilantro sprigs. Scallop Cakes with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise and New Potatoes has 301.0 calories. Scallop Cakes with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise and New Potatoes has 30.0 grams of protein. Scallop Cakes with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise and New Potatoes has 13.0 grams of fat. Scallop Cakes with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise and New Potatoes has 1582.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Scallop Cakes with Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise and New Potatoes are 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 pounds sea scallops, 1/2 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 large egg, beaten to blend, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon grated lime peel, 3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Cilantro-Lime Mayonnaise, Buttered New Potatoes with Chives, Whole fresh chives, Fresh cilantro sprigs.A nice brunch dish as well as a light supper. What to drink: New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc.  Potato Shellfish Appetizer Fry Mayonnaise Seafood Scallop Spring Summer Pan-Fry Cilantro Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.