Scotch Eggs with Fresh Herbs recipe. Mix sausage, chives, and parsley in medium bowl to blend. Whisk egg and mustard in bowl to blend. Place breadcrumbs in large bowl. Place flour in another bowl. Roll 1 hard-boiled egg in flour. Using wet hands, press 1/3 cup sausage mixture around egg to coat. Brush egg with mustard mixture, then roll in breadcrumbs, covering completely and pressing to adhere. Place Scotch egg on plate. Repeat with remaining eggs. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Add enough oil to heavy large saucepan to reach depth of 1 1/2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer and heat oil to 325°F. Add 3 prepared eggs to oil; fry until sausage is cooked through and coating is deep brown, about 6 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer eggs to paper towels to drain. Repeat with remaining 3 eggs. Serve warm. Scotch Eggs with Fresh Herbs has 862.0 calories. Scotch Eggs with Fresh Herbs has 35.0 grams of protein. Scotch Eggs with Fresh Herbs has 36.0 grams of fat. Scotch Eggs with Fresh Herbs has 1571.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Scotch Eggs with Fresh Herbs are 1 pound bulk sausage meat, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 5 cups fresh breadcrumbs made from crustless French bread, 1 cup all purpose flour, 6 large hard-boiled eggs, peeled, Vegetable oil (for deep-frying).Lindsay McDougal of Corona, California, writes: "When my husband and I first moved to Southern California from a small town between Edinburgh and Glasgow, we were amazed by the variety of foods available. It's almost unfair to compare the two places, since there are so many different ethnic cuisines here. We've come to love Mexican and Italian cooking, but we still find ourselves yearning for the traditional Scottish recipes we grew up with, like Scotch eggs and meat and potato pies. They're hearty dishes and so easy to make.".  Egg Pork Fry Cocktail Party Sausage Chive Parsley Bon Appétit California.