Sea Bass with Gingered Vegetable Stir-Fry recipe. Combine broth and cornstarch in small bowl and stir until cornstarch dissolves. Add remaining ingredients and stir to blend. Place sea bass in large baking pan. Spoon sake, soy sauce and 2 tablespoons oil over. Sprinkle with 3 tablespoons ginger. Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Let sauce stand at room temperature. Cover fish and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 425°F. Bake fish 9 minutes per inch of thickness. Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add remaining 3 tablespoons minced ginger and stir until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add carrots and stir-fry until beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and stir-fry until beginning to soften, about 1 1/2 minutes. Add green onions and stir to coat. Stir sauce ingredients to blend and add to skillet. Cook until sauce thickens, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Transfer fish to plates. Spoon vegetables and sauce over and serve. Sea Bass with Gingered Vegetable Stir-Fry has 343.0 calories. Sea Bass with Gingered Vegetable Stir-Fry has 40.0 grams of protein. Sea Bass with Gingered Vegetable Stir-Fry has 14.0 grams of fat. Sea Bass with Gingered Vegetable Stir-Fry has 932.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sea Bass with Gingered Vegetable Stir-Fry are 1 1/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons sake, 1 1/2 tablespoons oriental sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 8 6-to 8-ounce sea bass fillets, 1/3 cup sake, 1/4 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 large carrots, cut into 2-inch-long matchstick-size strips, 6 to 8 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, caps thinly sliced, 6 green onions, cut into 2-inch-long matchstick-size strips.In this light yet intensely flavored dish, the fish is baked, then served with a sauce rich in Asian flavors. Offer with steamed white rice, and pour white wine or Champagne.  Fish Ginger Mushroom Vegetable Bake Stir-Fry Dinner Bon Appétit.