Sea Bass with Parsley Purée recipe.  Fill medium bowl with ice water. Cook parsley in pot of lightly salted boiling water just until bright green, about 5 seconds. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Transfer parsley to ice water. Drain well. Coarsely chop parsley. Combine parsley, reserved 1/2 cup cooking liquid, 2 tablespoons olive oil, marjoram, 1/2 teaspoon lemon peel, and pinch of nutmeg in blender; puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Parsley puree can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Stir over medium heat until heated through before serving.) Cover to keep warm. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle sea bass with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté until golden on bottom, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon sugar and pinch of nutmeg over top of each fish fillet. Turn fish over and cook until golden on second side and opaque in center, about 4 minutes longer. Transfer 1 sea bass fillet to each of 4 plates. Drizzle 1 teaspoon pan drippings over each. Spoon warm parsley puree around each fillet. Drizzle 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice around each fillet. Garnish with additional lemon peel, if desired. Sea Bass with Parsley Purée has 303.0 calories. Sea Bass with Parsley Purée has 32.0 grams of protein. Sea Bass with Parsley Purée has 17.0 grams of fat. Sea Bass with Parsley Purée has 133.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sea Bass with Parsley Purée are 1 bunch Italian parsley, large stems trimmed (about 2 cups packed), 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh marjoram, 1/2 teaspoon minced lemon peel, Pinch of ground nutmeg, 4 6-ounce sea bass fillets (about 1 inch thick), 1 teaspoon sugar, Additional ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Additional minced lemon peel (optional)."I was in Boston on a business trip when I discovered the city's North End and its many old Italian restaurants," writes Jennifer Fassman of Westport, Connecticut. "After wandering around the small, quaint streets, I was surprised to find a bright, modern restaurant — Marcuccio's. I took the waiter's advice and ordered the sea bass with parsley sauce. It was incredible.".  Sauté Bass Parsley Bon Appétit.