Seafood Risotto (Risotto ai Fruitti di Mare) recipe.  In a small saucepan, warm the fish or vegetable stock. Keep warm. In a large saucepan over moderately low heat, warm the olive oil. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and the onion, and sauté, stirring occasionally, until tender there should be no color), about 5 minutes. Add the rice and toast lightly for 1 minute without letting the rice or onion take on any color. Add the wine and cook until almost completely absorbed. Add most of the stock it should come about 1/2 inch above the rice) and bring to a simmer. Cook the risotto, stirring occasionally, until the rice has absorbed some of the liquid, about 8 minutes. Add the clams, mussels, squid, scallops, and tomatoes, and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the seafood is cooked and the rice is al dente, about 6 minutes more. As the rice continues to absorb the liquid, add more as needed. Remove the risotto from the heat and add the parsley, garlic, brandy, olive oil, Parmigiano-Reggiano, if using, and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir well to release the starches and make the risotto creamy. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and serve immediately. Seafood Risotto (Risotto ai Fruitti di Mare) has 799.0 calories. Seafood Risotto (Risotto ai Fruitti di Mare) has 50.0 grams of protein. Seafood Risotto (Risotto ai Fruitti di Mare) has 38.0 grams of fat. Seafood Risotto (Risotto ai Fruitti di Mare) has 1162.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seafood Risotto (Risotto ai Fruitti di Mare) are 2 1/2 cups fish or vegetable stock, 1/3 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, minced (about 1/2 cup), 1 1/3 cups Carnaroli or Vialone Nano rice, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 8 small clams, such as Manila, 8 mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 4 ounces squid, cleaned and cut into thin rings, 4 medium sea scallops, 1/2 cup peeled, crushed, and seeded plum tomatoes, 1/2 cup loosely packed chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, N/A freshly ground black pepper.This recipe is part of the Epicurious Online Cooking School, in partnership with the Culinary Institute of America. To watch it being made, and to learn how to make other Italian classics, check out the videos.  Rice Shellfish Tomato Seafood Clam Mussel Scallop Squid Simmer.