Seafood Cataplana with Saffron, Vermouth, and Sorrel recipe. Mince garlic and finely chop shallot and onion. Cut bell peppers into julienne strips. Cut tomato into 1/4-inch dice. Scrub clams and mussels and remove beards from mussels. Shell and devein shrimp. In a 4-quart shallow heavy kettle with a tight-fitting lid cook garlic, shallot, onion, and bell peppers in oil, uncovered, over moderate heat, stirring, 5 minutes, or until peppers are softened. Add vermouth, wine, and saffron and boil, uncovered, until liquid is reduced to about 1/3 cup. Add stock or clam juice and cream and bring to a boil. Immediately add clams and simmer until they just begin to open, about 3 minutes. Stir in mussels, shrimp, tomato, and sea salt and pepper to taste and stir until combined well. Simmer cataplana, covered, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes and discard any unopened clams or mussels. Transfer seafood with a slotted spoon to a large bowl and boil cooking liquid, uncovered, until reduced by about half, about 5 minutes. Return seafood to cooking liquid and stir in crayfish and sorrel. Heat cataplana over moderate heat until just heated through. Seafood Cataplana with Saffron, Vermouth, and Sorrel has 563.0 calories. Seafood Cataplana with Saffron, Vermouth, and Sorrel has 49.0 grams of protein. Seafood Cataplana with Saffron, Vermouth, and Sorrel has 24.0 grams of fat. Seafood Cataplana with Saffron, Vermouth, and Sorrel has 1439.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seafood Cataplana with Saffron, Vermouth, and Sorrel are 4 garlic cloves, 1 small shallot, 1 small onion, 1 red bell pepper, 1 green bell pepper, 1 small vine-ripened tomato, 16 small hard-shelled clams (less than 2 inches in diameter) such as littlenecks, 30 mussels (preferably cultivated), 16 large shrimp (about 1 pound), 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup dry vermouth, 2 cups dry white wine, 1/2 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads, 2 cups fish stock or bottled clam juice, 1 cup heavy cream, sea salt, 30 thawed frozen cooked crayfish tails (about 1/2 pound), 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sorrel leaves.This dish is named after the copper Portuguese cooking vessel, the cataplana, in which it is traditionally cooked.  Soup Stew Milk Cream Leafy Green Shellfish Clam Mussel Shrimp Saffron Fortified Wine Summer Simmer Gourmet.