Seared Scallops on Spinach with Apple-Brandy Cream Sauce recipe.  Heat 1/2 tablespoon olive oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallot; stir 30 seconds. Add Calvados brandy may ignite); boil 30 seconds. Add cream; boil 2 minutes. Transfer sauce base to bowl. Sauce base can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.) Preheat oven to 300°F. Sprinkle scallops with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in another large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 8 scallops. Cook until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet; place in oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining scallops. Add apple juice and thyme to hot skillet. Boil 1 minute, scraping up brown bits. Add sauce base; bring to boil. Remove from heat. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add garlic and stir 30 seconds. Add spinach; toss until barely wilted and still bright green, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Using tongs, mound spinach in center of 8 plates, dividing equally. Arrange 2 scallops on spinach on each plate. Pour any collected juices from baking sheet into sauce in skillet. Boil until thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; spoon over scallops. Seared Scallops on Spinach with Apple-Brandy Cream Sauce has 181.0 calories. Seared Scallops on Spinach with Apple-Brandy Cream Sauce has 11.0 grams of protein. Seared Scallops on Spinach with Apple-Brandy Cream Sauce has 10.0 grams of fat. Seared Scallops on Spinach with Apple-Brandy Cream Sauce has 347.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seared Scallops on Spinach with Apple-Brandy Cream Sauce are 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 large shallot, minced, 1/3 cup Calvados, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 16 large sea scallops, patted dry, 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1/2 cup fresh unfiltered apple juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 9-ounce bag spinach leaves.Fresh apple juice and Calvados, a dry apple brandy, make the sauce something special.  Fruit Juice Milk Cream Appetizer Bake Sauté Scallop Spinach Calvados Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.