Seared Salmon with Winter Vegetables and Kombu Broth recipe.  Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, cut sides down, and cook, undisturbed, until dark brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer onion to a large Dutch oven or other large pot and add turnips, shallots, ginger, kombu, 1 tablespoon salt, and 8 cups water. Bring to a gentle simmer do not boil or broth will be bitter) and cook until broth is light golden and onion is soft, 40–50 minutes. Add vermouth to broth and simmer 5 minutes. Remove onion and kombu; discard. Add squash and simmer until just softened, 12–15 minutes. Add turnip greens and simmer, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 2 minutes. Meanwhile, season salmon with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook salmon, skin side down, until skin is very crisp, about 2 minutes. Turn salmon and cook 30 seconds longer salmon will be rare; it will continue to cook in the hot broth). Spoon broth and vegetables into shallow bowls and top with salmon, skin side up; squeeze lemon over. DO AHEAD: Broth and vegetables without turnip greens) can be made 1 day ahead. Reheat and add greens just before serving. The ingredients of Seared Salmon with Winter Vegetables and Kombu Broth are 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 1 small yellow onion, halved through root, 1 small bunch baby turnips (about 12 ounces), greens torn into pieces, turnips peeled, quartered, 3 large shallots, sliced into rings, 1 3" piece ginger, peeled, sliced 1/4" thick, 3 ounces kombu, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more, 1 cup dry vermouth, 1/2 small butternut squash (about 12 ounces), peeled, seeded, cut into 1/2" thick pieces, 6 4-ounce pieces skin-on salmon fillet, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved.This light but richly flavored broth is good with any fatty, skin-on fish fillet, such as Arctic char or sea bass.  Soup Stew Fish Low Carb Low Fat Quick & Easy Low Cal Dinner Lunch Seafood Salmon Turnip Butternut Squash Winter Healthy Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.