Seared Rib Eye Steak with Tomato-Caper Relish recipe.  Place 1/4 teaspoon coarse salt and garlic on work surface. Using flat side of knife blade, smash garlic and salt together until paste forms. Transfer garlic paste to medium bowl. Add orange and yellow tomatoes, olives, cilantro, 3 tablespoons olive oil, capers, lime juice, chopped jalapeño chiles, and dried oregano; toss relish to blend well. Season relish to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be prepared 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Sprinkle steaks on both sides with cumin, 3/4 teaspoon pepper, and 2 teaspoons coarse salt. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in heavy large skillet over high heat until very hot, about 2 minutes. Add steaks. Sear steaks until browned and cooked to medium-rare, 6 to 7 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Thinly slice steaks crosswise. Overlap slices on plates. Serve with relish. Seared Rib Eye Steak with Tomato-Caper Relish has 697.0 calories. Seared Rib Eye Steak with Tomato-Caper Relish has 43.0 grams of protein. Seared Rib Eye Steak with Tomato-Caper Relish has 55.0 grams of fat. Seared Rib Eye Steak with Tomato-Caper Relish has 995.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seared Rib Eye Steak with Tomato-Caper Relish are 2 1/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 3/4 pound orange and yellow vine-ripened tomatoes, cut into 1/3-inch cubes, 6 tablespoons coarsely chopped pimiento-stuffed olives, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 1/4 teaspoons finely chopped pickled jalapeño chiles, 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 3 1 1/2-inch-thick rib-eye steaks (each about 1 pound), 2 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper.A colorful mix of orange and yellow tomatoes looks great with the seared steaks. The relish would also be terrific with fish or spooned atop crostini that have been spread with fresh goat cheese.  Tomato Father's Day Dinner Steak Summer Capers Bon Appétit Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.