Seared Tuna on Fettuccine with Green Olives and Arugula recipe. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot. Add olive bruschetta spread, 3 tablespoons oil, 2 teaspoons lemon peel, lemon juice, and enough cooking liquid to coat. Season with salt and generous amount of pepper. Mix in arugula, which will wilt slightly. Meanwhile, brush each tuna steak with 1 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sprinkle both sides of tuna steaks evenly with marjoram and remaining 2 teaspoons lemon peel; press gently to adhere. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add tuna; sear until crusty and brown outside but still pink inside, about 1 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer tuna to work surface; slice thinly. Divide pasta among plates; top with tuna slices. Seared Tuna on Fettuccine with Green Olives and Arugula has 775.0 calories. Seared Tuna on Fettuccine with Green Olives and Arugula has 54.0 grams of protein. Seared Tuna on Fettuccine with Green Olives and Arugula has 31.0 grams of fat. Seared Tuna on Fettuccine with Green Olives and Arugula has 975.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seared Tuna on Fettuccine with Green Olives and Arugula are 12 ounces fettuccine, 1 cup green olive bruschetta spread from jar (about 8 ounces), 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 teaspoons grated lemon peel, divided, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 5-ounce package baby arugula, 2 12-ounce tuna steaks, each about 1 inch thick, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh marjoram.Green olive bruschetta spread can be found near jarred olives and pasta sauces, or in the refrigerated section of the supermarket. It usually contains chopped olives, oil, sun-dried tomatoes, and herbs.  Fish Leafy Green Olive Pasta Quick & Easy Dinner Seafood Tuna Arugula Summer Noodle Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.