Seeded Whole Grain Soda Bread recipe. Mix millet, quinoa, amaranth, 1 cup oats, 1 cup buttermilk, and 1/2 cup water in a small bowl. Cover and let sit 8–12 hours. Alternatively, bring ingredients to a simmer in a small saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat and let sit until mixture is thick like porridge, about 2 hours.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly oil an 8"-diameter cast-iron skillet or cake pan. Whisk whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, flaxseed, salt, baking soda, and 1/4 cup sunflower seeds in a large bowl. Work in butter with your fingers until largest pieces are pea-size. Make a well in the center and add brown rice syrup, oat mixture, remaining 1 1/4 cups buttermilk, and remaining 1 Tbsp. oil. Mix with a wooden spoon until dough is smooth, homogenous, and still slightly sticky. Form dough into a ball and place in prepared pan. Brush with buttermilk; top with more oats and sunflower seeds. Cut a large X into the top and bake until golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of loaf registers 190°F, 55–70 minutes. Let cool in pan. Bread can be baked 2 days ahead. Store tightly wrapped at room temperature. Seeded Whole Grain Soda Bread has 288.0 calories. Seeded Whole Grain Soda Bread has 9.0 grams of protein. Seeded Whole Grain Soda Bread has 8.0 grams of fat. Seeded Whole Grain Soda Bread has 777.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seeded Whole Grain Soda Bread are 1/4 cup millet, 1/4 cup quinoa, 2 tablespoons amaranth, 1 cup old-fashioned oats, plus more for topping, 2 1/4 cups buttermilk, divided, plus more for brushing, 1 Tbsp. vegetable oil, plus more for pan, 3 cups whole wheat flour, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons flaxseed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1/4 cup sunflower seeds, plus more for topping, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 tablespoons brown rice syrup or mild-flavored (light) molasses."This moist, chewy soda bread satisfies all my starchy cravings but is so packed with seeds, oats, and whole wheat that it's also energy-sustaining. It makes beautiful toast, too."—Claire Saffitz, associate food editor.  Bread Healthy Quinoa Whole Wheat Thanksgiving Kid-Friendly Bon Appétit.