Seitan Skewers with Chimichurri Citrus-Herb Sauce recipe. To prepare the marinade, put all of the marinade ingredients in a blender. Blend on high speed until well combined. Put 4 pieces of seitan on each of 12 metal or bamboo skewers. Place them in a large non­reactive bowl or baking dish, pour the marinade over them, and let marinate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight. To prepare the Chimichurri Citrus-­Herb Sauce, put all of the chimichurri ingredients in a blender. Blend on high speed until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to use. Prepare a charcoal, gas, or stove-top grill. Grill the skewers over medium-­high heat until well browned, about 5 to 7 minutes per side. Serve immediately, drizzled with the Chimichurri Citrus­Herb Sauce. Seitan Skewers with Chimichurri Citrus-Herb Sauce has 892.0 calories. Seitan Skewers with Chimichurri Citrus-Herb Sauce has 28.0 grams of protein. Seitan Skewers with Chimichurri Citrus-Herb Sauce has 75.0 grams of fat. Seitan Skewers with Chimichurri Citrus-Herb Sauce has 731.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seitan Skewers with Chimichurri Citrus-Herb Sauce are 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1/4 cup agave nectar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 cup finely chopped parsley, 1 cup finely chopped cilantro, 1 1/2 pounds seitan, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup silken tofu, 1/4 cup chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons agave nectar, Sea salt.Here is one of the restaurant's all-time favorites. We have been known to ship these appetizers to friends and customers on the West Coast who have called in need of a fix. These seitan skewers are wonderful when well charred and served with refreshing Chimichurri Citrus-­Herb Sauce. They freeze very well and are great to have on hand to serve as appetizers, snacks, or an entrée.  Citrus Herb Soy Vegetarian Dinner Lunch Tofu Vegan Cilantro Parsley Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.