Seven-Vegetable Couscous with Chunky Onion Harissa recipe. Heat oil in heavy large Dutch oven over low heat. Add leeks and garlic. Cover and cook until leeks are very tender but not brown, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add stock and next 8 ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. Increase heat and bring mixture to boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium and simmer until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Mix in tomatoes, peas, cilantro, then couscous. Remove from heat. Cover and let stand 10 minutes. Fluff couscous with fork. Transfer to large platter. Garnish with lemon wedges. Serve, passing Chunky Onion Harissa separately. Combine tomato paste, crushed red pepper and cayenne pepper in bowl. Gradually whisk in oil. Whisk in vinegar. Mix in onions and garlic. Season generously with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 8 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Stir harissa well before using.) Seven-Vegetable Couscous with Chunky Onion Harissa has 610.0 calories. Seven-Vegetable Couscous with Chunky Onion Harissa has 11.0 grams of protein. Seven-Vegetable Couscous with Chunky Onion Harissa has 37.0 grams of fat. Seven-Vegetable Couscous with Chunky Onion Harissa has 196.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Seven-Vegetable Couscous with Chunky Onion Harissa are 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 large leeks (white and pale green parts only), minced, 4 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 1/4 cups chicken stock or canned broth, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup 1/2-inch cubes peeled butternut squash, 1 large yellow crookneck squash, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 large zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 3/4 cup frozen baby lima beans, thawed, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch (generous) of cayenne pepper, 1 cup diced seeded plum tomatoes, 3/4 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 1/2 cups (about 10 ounces) couscous, Lemon wedges, 1/4 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 3/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 1/2 cup red wine vinegar, 6 green onions, chopped, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 large garlic cloves, minced. Onion Tomato Vegetable Side Hanukkah Lima Bean Squash Winter Healthy Couscous Bon Appétit.