Shakshuka a la Doktor Shakshuka recipe.  Place the tomatoes, garlic, salt, paprika, tomato paste, and vegetable oil in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook, uncovered, over low heat until thick, for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Ladle the tomato sauce into a greased 12-inch frying pan. Bring to a simmer and break the eggs over the tomatoes. Gently break the yolks with a fork. Cover and continue to cook for about 3 to 4 minutes, until the eggs are set. Bring the frying pan directly to the table. Set it on a trivet and spoon out the shakshuka. Shakshuka a la Doktor Shakshuka has 208.0 calories. Shakshuka a la Doktor Shakshuka has 9.0 grams of protein. Shakshuka a la Doktor Shakshuka has 15.0 grams of fat. Shakshuka a la Doktor Shakshuka has 1020.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shakshuka a la Doktor Shakshuka are 2 pounds fresh tomatoes, unpeeled and cut in quarters, or one 28-ounce can tomatoes, 6 cloves garlic, roughly diced, 2 teaspoons salt, or to taste, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 6 large eggs.In 1930, Simon Agranat, the chief justice of the Israeli Supreme Court, wrote to his aunt and uncle in Chicago: "I had my eighth successive egg meal during my three-day journey through the Emek (the valley)." Eggs have always been a main protein for the people in Israel. When I lived in Jerusalem, I would make for my breakfast—or even for dinner—scrambled eggs with sauteed spring onions, fresh herbs, and dollops of cream cheese melted into the eggs as they were cooking. Probably the most popular egg dish in Israel is shakshuka, one of those onomatopoeic Hebrew and North African words, meaning "all mixed up." The most famous rendition of this tomato dish, which is sometimes mixed with meat but more often made in Israel with scrambled or poached eggs, is served at the Tripolitana Doktor Shakshuka Restaurant in Old Jaffa.  Egg Tomato Breakfast Brunch Vegetarian Dinner Lunch Kosher Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.