Shaved Carrot and Radish Salad With Herbs and Pumpkin Seeds recipe.  Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a medium skillet over medium. Add pumpkin seeds and cumin and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted and fragrant, 4–5 minutes. Transfer to paper towels, season with salt, and let cool. Whisk lemon juice, honey, pepper, and 3/4 tsp. salt in a medium bowl until honey dissolves. Slowly whisk in remaining 3 Tbsp. oil until emulsified. Toss carrots and radishes with dressing in a large bowl, then fold in herbs, chives, and half of the pumpkin seeds. Top salad with remaining pumpkin seeds. Taste and season with salt and pepper if necessary. Dressing can be made 5 days ahead. Chill in a resealable container. Shaved Carrot and Radish Salad With Herbs and Pumpkin Seeds has 242.0 calories. Shaved Carrot and Radish Salad With Herbs and Pumpkin Seeds has 9.0 grams of protein. Shaved Carrot and Radish Salad With Herbs and Pumpkin Seeds has 15.0 grams of fat. Shaved Carrot and Radish Salad With Herbs and Pumpkin Seeds has 62.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shaved Carrot and Radish Salad With Herbs and Pumpkin Seeds are 1/4 cup olive oil, divided, 1 cup raw shelled pumpkin seeds, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds carrots, peeled, shaved lengthwise into ribbons with a vegetable peeler, 1 bunch radishes (approximately 10 radishes), thinly sliced on a mandoline or with a sharp knife, 4 cups (packed) mixed torn herbs, such as parsley, cilantro, dill, mint, tarragon, and/or basil, 1/2 cup chopped chives.This salad highlights the many green herbs that are an essential part of Persian cuisine, especially in spring when they are just coming into season. This salad is a crunchy, raw counterpoint to a rich Passover meal, and while some seeds are not eaten on Passover, pumpkin seeds are okay, since a pumpkin is not a legume.  Salad Carrot Radish Spring Passover Seed Herb Chive Side Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.