Sheet-Pan Chicken Saltimbocca With Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Kale recipe. Position racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 425°F. Arrange chicken cutlets in a single layer on rimmed baking sheet and season with 1/2 tsp. pepper. Place 1 sage leaf on top of each cutlet, then wrap each in 1 slice of prosciutto, starting from the top and wrapping in a single layer, making sure cutlet stays flat. Finely chop remaining 4 sage leaves and toss with potatoes, garlic, 1 Tbsp. oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper on second rimmed baking sheet. Cook chicken in upper third of oven and potatoes in lower third until prosciutto is crisp and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of chicken registers 165°F, 12-14 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk anchovies, vinegar, honey, and remaining 2 Tbsp. oil, 1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. pepper in a large bowl; add kale and toss to coat. Remove both baking sheets from oven; let chicken rest. Spread kale evenly over potatoes and return to upper third of oven. Roast until potatoes are tender and kale is browned at edges, about 5 minutes more. Divide chicken among 4 plates. Serve potatoes and kale alongside. Sheet-Pan Chicken Saltimbocca With Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Kale has 586.0 calories. Sheet-Pan Chicken Saltimbocca With Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Kale has 69.0 grams of protein. Sheet-Pan Chicken Saltimbocca With Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Kale has 21.0 grams of fat. Sheet-Pan Chicken Saltimbocca With Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Kale has 1747.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sheet-Pan Chicken Saltimbocca With Roasted Potatoes and Crispy Kale are 8 boneless, skinless chicken breast cutlets (about 2 pounds total), 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided, 12 small fresh sage leaves, divided, 8 thin slices prosciutto (about 6 ounces), 1 pound baby new potatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, quartered if large, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 3 oil-packed anchovy fillets, drained, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 bunch curly kale (about 8 ounces), ribs and stems removed, coarsely chopped, 2 (18x13") rimmed baking sheets.Fancy enough for company but easy enough for a weeknight, this complete Italian-inspired meal is cooked on two baking sheets, making cleanup a breeze.  Chicken Potato Bake Kid-Friendly Dinner Kale Quick and Healthy Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.