Shepherd's Pie with Parsnip Topping recipe.  Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until beginning to brown, about 6 minutes. Add flour; stir 1 minute. Add Madeira, then braising liquid. Whisk until mixture thickens and boils, about 3 minutes. Stir in beef and vegetables. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Cover; chill. Rewarm over medium heat. Preheat oven to 375°F. Boil parsnips and potatoes in medium saucepan of salted water until tender, 12 minutes. Drain. Return to saucepan. Cook over medium heat until dry, about 1 minute. Add butter and cream; mash until smooth. Stir in 1/3 cup cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer filling to 8x8x2-inch baking dish. Spread topping over filling. Sprinkle remaining cheese over. Bake until bubbling and top begins to brown, about 30 minutes. Shepherd's Pie with Parsnip Topping has 675.0 calories. Shepherd's Pie with Parsnip Topping has 43.0 grams of protein. Shepherd's Pie with Parsnip Topping has 26.0 grams of fat. Shepherd's Pie with Parsnip Topping has 308.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shepherd's Pie with Parsnip Topping are 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1 cup sliced shallots (about 4 large), 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons Madeira, 1 1/3 cups degreased braising liquid from Red Wine Brasato with Glazed Root Vegetables, 4 cups 3/4-inch cubes beef reserved from Red Wine Brasato with Glazed Root Vegetables, 1 1/2 cups glazed vegetables reserved from Red Wine Brasato with Glazed Root Vegetables, 1 pound parsnips, peeled, quartered lengthwise, woody core cut away, 3/4 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes, 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature, 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream, room temperature, 2/3 cup coarsely shredded Gruyère cheese (about 3 ounces), divided.The filling: rich chunks of leftover brasato and vegetables . The topping: mashed parsnips and potatoes.  Beef Cheese Dairy Onion Potato Vegetable Bake Casserole Gratin Parsnip Fortified Wine Fall Winter Bon Appétit.