Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Soak ancho chiles in boiling-hot water until softened, about 20 minutes, then drain in a colander set over a bowl. Taste soaking liquid: It will be a little bitter, but if unpleasantly so, discard it; otherwise, reserve for braising. Transfer ancho chiles to a blender and purée with onion, garlic, chipotles with sauce, maple syrup, lime juice, and 1 teaspoon salt. Pat ribs dry and sprinkle with pepper and remaining 2 teaspoons salt. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown ribs in 3 batches, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer as browned to a roasting pan just large enough to hold ribs in 1 layer. Carefully add chile purée to fat remaining in skillet it will spatter and steam) and cook over moderately low heat, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Add reserved chile soaking liquid or 1 1/2 cups water) and coffee and bring to a boil, then pour over ribs liquid should reach about halfway up sides of meat). Cover roasting pan tightly with foil and braise ribs until very tender, 3 to 3 1/2 hours. Skim fat from pan juices. Serve ribs with pan juices. Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce has 1893.0 calories. Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce has 70.0 grams of protein. Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce has 172.0 grams of fat. Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce has 1484.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Short Ribs Braised in Ancho Chile Sauce are 4 dried ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, and ribs discarded, 2 cups boiling-hot water, 1 medium onion, quartered, 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo plus 2 teaspoons adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon salt, 6 lb beef short ribs or flanken, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1/2 cup brewed coffee.Inspired by chef Robert Del Grande of Cafe Annie, in Houston, we combine the succulence of short ribs with the bitter undertones of coffee and the mellow heat of two kinds of chiles, along with maple syrup and lime juice to cut the spiciness. We recommend serving these meltingly tender ribs over soft polenta.  Coffee Beef Pepper Braise Fall Winter Gourmet.