Shredded Chicken with Ginger and Cilantro recipe. Set a steamer rack inside a wide 6- to 8-quart pot and fill bottom with water not above rack), then bring to a boil. Arrange chicken in 1 layer in a shallow heatproof bowl small enough to fit just inside pot. Steam chicken in bowl on rack, covered with lid, until just cooked through, about 25 minutes. Remove bowl from pot using tongs. When chicken is cool enough to handle, coarsely shred, discarding skin and bones. Reserve liquid in bowl. Meanwhile, stir together lime juice, bean paste, red-chile oil, Sichuan-pepper oil, ginger, garlic, chile, salt, and 2 tablespoons reserved chicken liquid in a large bowl. Stir in chicken, cilantro, and salt to taste. Shredded Chicken with Ginger and Cilantro has 233.0 calories. Shredded Chicken with Ginger and Cilantro has 28.0 grams of protein. Shredded Chicken with Ginger and Cilantro has 12.0 grams of fat. Shredded Chicken with Ginger and Cilantro has 433.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shredded Chicken with Ginger and Cilantro are 2 chicken breast halves with skin and bone (1 1/2 pounds total), 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Asian chile-bean paste with garlic (preferably Lan Chi), 1 teaspoon red-chile oil , or to taste, 1 teaspoon Sichuan-pepper oil , or to taste, 1 teaspoon finely grated (with a rasp) peeled fresh ginger, 1/2 teaspoon finely grated (with a rasp) garlic, 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh mild long red chile such as Holland, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup fresh cilantro sprigs.Many of the minority peoples of Yunnan traditionally boil a chicken to show respect to their dead. Once the ceremony is finished, they shred the meat and mix it with ginger, garlic, and cilantro to make "ghost chicken." The lime in this recipe, unusual for Chinese cooking, suggests the influence of Southeast Asia, which the province borders.  Chicken Garlic Ginger Herb Steam Dinner Lime Cilantro Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.