Shredded Root Vegetable Pancakes recipe. Place the grated root veggies and onion in a large kitchen towel and wring out any liquid, then add them to a medium bowl. Stir in the egg whites. Stir in the flour, salt, and pepper to taste. In a large skillet, heat 1/4 cup of the oil over medium-high heat. Use a scant 1/4 cup measure to scoop pancakes into the skillet, using the bottom of the measuring cup to spread the mixture into 1/2-inch-thick patties. Cook until the first side is deeply golden brown and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes, then turn the pancakes over and brown the other side, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer the pancakes to a wire rack to cool slightly. Work in batches so you don’t overcrowd the pan, adding more oil to the pan as needed. Serve the pancakes topped with a few pinches of flaky sea salt, a dollop of sour cream, and a sprinkle of scallions. If you want these guys a little spicy, mince 1/2 a jalapeño or Fresno chile and add it to the mixture before frying. Shredded Root Vegetable Pancakes has 338.0 calories. Shredded Root Vegetable Pancakes has 5.0 grams of protein. Shredded Root Vegetable Pancakes has 31.0 grams of fat. Shredded Root Vegetable Pancakes has 574.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shredded Root Vegetable Pancakes are 2 cups of shredded rutabaga, parsnips, or sweet potato (from about 2 medium vegetables), shredded on the medium holes of a box grater, 1 medium yellow onion, grated on the medium holes of a box grater, 3 large egg whites, beaten, 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more if needed so mixture just holds together, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1/2 cup coconut or grapeseed oil, Flaky sea salt, 1/4 cup sour cream or crème fraîche, 2 scallions, finely chopped.These root vegetable pancakes are a gift to eggs everywhere for brunch, served under a little crème fraîche and smoked salmon for a party app, or simply paired with sour cream and applesauce for an ideal sweet-savory combo anytime.  HarperCollins Pancake Potato Parsnip Rutabaga Sweet Potato Yam Root Vegetable Side.