Shrimp in a Skillet with Creamy Tomato-Ouzo Sauce recipe. Using a sharp paring knife, remove the threadlike vein from the shrimp. Wash, drain, sprinkle with lemon juice, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet. When the butter stops bubbling, add the onion and cook over medium-low heat until very soft, or 10 to 12 minutes. Add the garlic and stir for a minute or so. While the onion is cooking, pulverize the tomatoes in a food processor until smooth. Add them to the skillet. Cook the tomato-onion mixture over medium heat until thick, about 8 minutes. Add the ouzo and let simmer for another 3 minutes. Drain the shrimp and add them to the skillet. Simmer for about 4 minutes, or until the shrimp firm up and turn pink. Add the cream, season with salt and pepper, and stir well but gently to combine. Just before removing from heat, add the last dab of butter. Serve hot. • Look for an ouzo with a strong anise flavor, such as Boutari, available in many liquor stores. Shrimp in a Skillet with Creamy Tomato-Ouzo Sauce has 166.0 calories. Shrimp in a Skillet with Creamy Tomato-Ouzo Sauce has 12.0 grams of protein. Shrimp in a Skillet with Creamy Tomato-Ouzo Sauce has 9.0 grams of fat. Shrimp in a Skillet with Creamy Tomato-Ouzo Sauce has 824.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shrimp in a Skillet with Creamy Tomato-Ouzo Sauce are 1 pound large shrimp, heads removed and shelled but with tails attached, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 3 tablespoons ouzo, 1/3 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.Editor's note: The recipe and introductory text below are excerpted from Diane Kochilas's book Meze: Small Plates to Savor and Share from the Mediterranean Table. Kochilas also shared some helpful cooking tips exclusively with Epicurious, which we've added at the bottom of the page.  Milk Cream Tomato Sauté Shrimp.