Shrimp Skewers with Tzatziki, Spinach, and Feta recipe. Mix Greek-style yogurt, cucumber, dill, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, shallots, and 3/4 teaspoon crushed aniseed in small bowl; season tzatziki generously with salt and pepper. Chill. Prepare barbecue medium-high heat). Brush grill with oil. Thread shrimp onto 4 metal skewers. Brush shrimp all over with olive oil; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon crushed aniseed. Grill just until shrimp are opaque in center, about 3 minutes per side. Divide spinach among 4 plates; drizzle lightly with additional lemon juice and olive oil. Top each with 1 shrimp skewer. Spoon tzatziki over shrimp; sprinkle with feta cheese and serve. *A thick yogurt; sold at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores such as Trader Joe's and Whole Foods markets) and Greek markets. If unavailable, place plain yogurt in cheesecloth-lined strainer set over large bowl. Cover and chill overnight to drain. The ingredients of Shrimp Skewers with Tzatziki, Spinach, and Feta are 1 cup Greek-style (2% or nonfat) yogurt*, 1 cup 1/4-inch cubes English hothouse cucumber, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice plus additional for drizzling, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 1 1/4 teaspoons aniseed, finely crushed, divided, Olive oil (for brushing and drizzling), 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails left intact, 8 cups baby spinach leaves, 3/4 cup crumbled feta cheese.Tzatziki is a popular Greek sauce made from yogurt, cucumbers, garlic, and dill. Here we've subbed in shallots for garlic and used it to top skewers of shrimp. Serve any leftovers with pita chips, as a substitute for mayo on roast chicken sandwiches, or as a sauce for grilled lamb.  Appetizer Side Picnic Low Carb Quick & Easy Yogurt Low Cal High Fiber Low No Sugar Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Feta Shrimp Spinach Summer Grill Chill Grill Barbecue Healthy Party Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.