Shrimp With Mustard-Lime Dipping Sauce recipe. Using kitchen shears and working one at a time, cut along the length of the backs of shrimp, cutting through shells and just deep enough into flesh to expose veins; remove veins. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil and add 1/4 cup Old Bay seasoning. Squeeze lemon juice into water and add lemon halves to saucepan; return water to a boil. Add shrimp, reduce heat, and simmer until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water and let cool. Drain and pat dry. Just before serving, whisk oil and remaining 1 tablespoon Old Bay in a medium bowl. Add shrimp and parsley and toss to coat. Do ahead: Shrimp can be cooked 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Whisk mayonnaise, brown mustard, lime juice, honey, brown sugar, mustard powder, and Worcestershire sauce in a medium bowl; season with hot sauce and salt. Serve shrimp with dipping sauce and lime wedges. Shrimp With Mustard-Lime Dipping Sauce has 344.0 calories. Shrimp With Mustard-Lime Dipping Sauce has 9.0 grams of protein. Shrimp With Mustard-Lime Dipping Sauce has 30.0 grams of fat. Shrimp With Mustard-Lime Dipping Sauce has 608.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shrimp With Mustard-Lime Dipping Sauce are 1 1/2 pounds shell-on large shrimp, Kosher salt, 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning, 3 lemons, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon English mustard powder, 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Hot sauce, Kosher salt, Lime wedges (for serving).Cooking the shrimp with their shells on helps them retain flavor; scoring them along the back lets you remove the vein and makes peeling easier. Win-win.  Mustard Brunch Picnic Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Shrimp Spring Summer Family Reunion Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.