Shrimp with Zucchini Fritters and Grape-Leaf Spread recipe. Blend cream cheese, grape leaves, and lemon juice in mini processor until grape leaves are minced and mixture is blended. Season spread to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer spread to small bowl. Cover and refrigerate. Bring spread to room temperature before using. Whisk first 5 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Mix in zucchini, parsley, and chives. Let stand until batter becomes moist, about 15 minutes. Using wet hands, shape by rounded tablespoonfuls into twelve 2-inch-diameter patties; place on foil. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add about half of patties. Sauté until cooked through, browned, and crisp, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to platter. Repeat with remaining patties, adding more oil, if needed. Spread heaping teaspoon grape-leaf spread on each fritter. Top each with 1 shrimp. Sprinkle fritters with lemon juice, then lemon peel, and serve. Shrimp with Zucchini Fritters and Grape-Leaf Spread has 93.0 calories. Shrimp with Zucchini Fritters and Grape-Leaf Spread has 2.0 grams of protein. Shrimp with Zucchini Fritters and Grape-Leaf Spread has 7.0 grams of fat. Shrimp with Zucchini Fritters and Grape-Leaf Spread has 251.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shrimp with Zucchini Fritters and Grape-Leaf Spread are 4 ounces cream cheese, 4 grape leaves in brine from jar, drained, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/2 cup all purpose flour, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 3/4 cups coarsely grated zucchini (about 1 medium), 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons (about) extra-virgin olive oil, 12 cooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, Additional fresh lemon juice, Grated lemon peel. Condiment Spread Appetizer Sauté Cocktail Party Cream Cheese Shrimp Zucchini Summer Parsley Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.