Shrimp Tempura Cocktail recipe.  Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until very brown, about 6 minutes. Add tomatoes, garlic, and chipotle chiles. Cook 1 minute. Transfer mixture to blender; puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer puree to bowl. Cover and chill until cold. Combine all ingredients in processor; puree until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer puree to bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface of puree; chill at least 20 minutes and up to 3 hours. Add enough vegetable oil to heavy large pot to reach depth of 3 1/2 inches. Heat over medium-high heat to 375°F. Whisk rice flour and club soda in large bowl to blend. Working in batches, dip shrimp into batter and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to paper towels. Divide romaine among 8 stemmed cocktail glasses. Simultaneously pour 1/4 cup tomato puree and 1/4 cup avocado puree over romaine in each glass, letting purees meet in center. Hang 3 shrimp over rim of each glass. *Chipotle chiles canned in a spicy tomato sauce, sometimes called adobo, are available at Latin American markets, specialty foods stores, and some supermarkets. **Rice flour is available at specialty and natural foods stores. Shrimp Tempura Cocktail has 269.0 calories. Shrimp Tempura Cocktail has 4.0 grams of protein. Shrimp Tempura Cocktail has 11.0 grams of fat. Shrimp Tempura Cocktail has 32.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Shrimp Tempura Cocktail are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 large tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon minced canned chipotle chiles*, 2 large ripe avocados, peeled, pitted, 1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 1/4 cup minced shallots, 2 tablespoons minced jalapeño chiles, Vegetable oil (for deep-frying), 2 cups rice flour**, 2 cups club soda, 24 uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail shells left intact, 4 cups thinly sliced romaine lettuce.Janet and Travis Kuhl of Cranford, New Jersey, writes: "We recently went to chef Ming Tsai's Blue Ginger restaurant in Wellesley, Massachusetts. Our entire meal was top-notch, but the shrimp cocktail was our favorite.".  Onion Tomato Appetizer Fry Sauté Lime Shrimp Avocado Jalapeño Cilantro Bon Appétit.