Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles recipe. Cut 1 bunch scallions into 1" pieces; thinly slice remaining bunch of scallions and set aside. Bring 12 cups water to a brisk simmer in a large stockpot and add scallions, kombu, ginger, star anise, Sichuan peppercorns, 1/4 cup soy sauce, and 1 tablespoon salt; cook until kombu is softened, 10–15 minutes. Add chicken to pot and reduce heat so liquid is at a very gentle simmer. Poach chicken, uncovered, until cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breast registers 160°F, 40–45 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate and let cool. Meanwhile, increase heat to mediumhigh and bring poaching liquid to a boil; cook until reduced by half, 30–45 minutes. Fish out scallions, ginger, and star anise from pot with a slotted spoon and discard. Add noodles to poaching liquid and cook according to package instructions. Drain and toss in a large bowl with 1 teaspoon sesame oil. Combine kale, sugar, a pinch of salt, and remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil in a medium bowl and massage kale, rubbing between your fingers, until softened and shiny, about 30 seconds. Add vinegar, rice noodles, reserved sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon furikake, and remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and toss to combine; season with salt. Remove skin and bones from chicken; discard. Slice or shred meat. Serve with noodles, drizzled with chili oil and sprinkled with more furikake. Chicken can be poached 1 day ahead; let cool, cover and chill chicken and liquid separately. Bring to room temperature before slicing. Noodle mixture can be made 3 hours ahead; store at room temperature. Moisten with more soy sauce and vinegar before serving. Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles has 1313.0 calories. Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles has 91.0 grams of protein. Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles has 70.0 grams of fat. Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles has 3192.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sichuan-Style Chicken With Rice Noodles are 1 1/2 bunches scallions, divided, 1 8" piece dried kombu, 1 2" piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced, 3 star anise pods, 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more, 1 (3 1/2–4-pound) chicken, 8 ounces dried thin rice noodles (not vermicelli), 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, divided, 1/2 bunch Tuscan kale, tough stems removed, leaves very thinly sliced (about 3 cups), Pinch of sugar, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon furikake seasoning, plus more for serving, Chili oil (for serving), Furikake, a dried blend of seaweed, sesame seeds, fish flakes, salt, and other seasonings, can be found at Asian markets, some supermarkets, and online..You'll find many of these ingredients in the Asian section of your supermarket or health food store. Stock up: We promise you'll be making this well into fall.  Chicken Kid-Friendly Dinner Kale Noodle Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.