Sicilian Tuna recipe.  Combine oil, lemon juice, anchovies, garlic, oregano, and tuna in a large sealable bag and seal bag, pressing out excess air. Let stand at room temperature, turning occasionally, 30 minutes. Remove tuna from marinade and shake off any excess. Lightly oil grill pan and heat over medium-high heat until smoking. Grill tuna, turning once, until pale pink in center, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Add diced celery and cook, stirring, until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, olives, and capers and cook until sauce is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in basil, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and remove from heat. Spoon sauce over tuna and sprinkle with celery leaves. The ingredients of Sicilian Tuna are 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped oregano, 4 (6-ounces) tuna steaks, preferably albacore (1 inch thick; see cooks' note, below), 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 celery ribs, cut into 1/4-inch dice, plus 3 tablespoons celery leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 ripe tomatoes, cut into 1/4-inch dice, 1/4 cup Kalamata or other brine-cured black olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons small capers, drained and chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped basil, 1 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Equipment: a 2-burner grill pan.Even those who prefer their tuna raw or quickly seared will be won over by this preparation. Marinated in a savory anchovy-lemon dressing, the tuna steaks are cooked until their centers are pale pink but still quite juicy. The bold flavors continue in the colorful sauce of briefly cooked tomatoes, black olives, capers, celery, and basil.  Olive Tomato Marinate Quick & Easy Dinner Basil Tuna Celery Grill Barbecue Healthy Capers Lemon Juice Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.