Sicilian Grill-Roasted Chicken recipe. garlic and 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt in mortar with pestle or in small bowl with back of spoon until paste forms. Whisk in lemon juice, then oil. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Whisk lemon juice, parsley, olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in medium bowl. Place 1 whole chicken in each of 2 resealable plastic bags. Divide lemon marinade between bags. Seal bags, releasing excess air. Turn to coat chicken with marinade. Chill chicken at least 1 hour and up to 1 day, turning bag occasionally. Prepare barbecue  medium heat). If using 2-burner gas grill, light 1 burner. If using 3-burner gas grill, do not light center burner. If using charcoal grill, light briquettes in chimney and pour onto 1 side of lower grill rack you'll need to light more briquettes in chimney to replenish during grilling). Remove chickens from marinade. Sprinkle chickens inside and out with salt and pepper. Tie legs together. Place chickens, breast side down, over unlit side of grill. Cover and grill chickens 45 minutes, adjusting gas levels if using gas grill or adjusting vents and adding more charcoal as needed if using charcoal grill to maintain barbecue temperature between 350°F and 400°F. Turn chickens breast side up. Cover and grill until instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F., continuing to maintain barbecue temperature between 350°F and 400°F, about 35 minutes longer. Transfer chickens to work surface; let rest 10 minutes. Carve chickens and transfer to platter. Arrange Grilled Lemons, Baby Artichokes, and Eggplant around chickens. Spoon some of Mediterranean drizzle over chicken and vegetables. Garnish with grilled lemons for squeezing over. Sicilian Grill-Roasted Chicken has 877.0 calories. Sicilian Grill-Roasted Chicken has 57.0 grams of protein. Sicilian Grill-Roasted Chicken has 68.0 grams of fat. Sicilian Grill-Roasted Chicken has 1246.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sicilian Grill-Roasted Chicken are 1 large garlic clove, pressed, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, 1/2 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1/4 cup olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 3 1/2- to 4-pound free-range chickens, Grilled Lemons, Baby Artichokes, and Eggplant.Forget about chicken pieces. You can grill these two chickens— flavored (Sicilian-style) with lemon, parsley, and garlic—whole.  Chicken Garlic Backyard BBQ Dinner Lemon Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Parsley Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.