Simple Smoked Beef Short Ribs recipe. Remove the ribs from the refrigerator and outline the bones with a sharp, pointed paring knife. Combine all the ingredients for the mustard slather in a small bowl and blend well. Brush the slather over the entire surface of the ribs. Combine all the ingredients for the rub in a small bowl and blend well. Sprinkle the rub over the slathered ribs. Heat a cooker to 230° to 250°F. Oil the rack and place the ribs on it bone side down over indirect heat. Cover and cook for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Turn and cook for 45 minutes more, then turn and cook for another 45 minutes, or until the ribs reach 185°F on a meat thermometer. Transfer the ribs to a cutting board and let them rest, covered loosely with aluminum foil, for 10 to 15 minutes. Cut the ribs into individual pieces and serve with barbecue sauce. Simple Smoked Beef Short Ribs has 1218.0 calories. Simple Smoked Beef Short Ribs has 46.0 grams of protein. Simple Smoked Beef Short Ribs has 110.0 grams of fat. Simple Smoked Beef Short Ribs has 2913.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Simple Smoked Beef Short Ribs are 6 (4- or 5-inch-long) beef short ribs, Barbecue sauce, for serving, 1 cup prepared yellow mustard, 1/4 cup dill pickle juice, 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 2 tablespoons coarse or restaurant grind black pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons white cane sugar.This simple recipe did not take the blue ribbon at any barbecue contest. It did come in third—by 2 points…in the Anything Butt Brisket category. In that category, you could barbecue anything but brisket and sirloin. Chef Paul chose to do beef short ribs, and almost everybody said he didn't have a chance of winning or even placing because he was going up against beef tenderloin, rib-eyes, T-bones, and porterhouse steaks. What did they know?!.  Beef Mustard Fourth of July Backyard BBQ Dinner Meat Beef Rib Smoker Grill Barbecue Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.