Sirloin Kebabs with Southeast-Asian-Style Spice Paste recipe.  Mince enough lemongrass from lower 4 inches of stalk to measure 2 tablespoons. Coarsely grind coriander seeds in grinder or with mortar and pestle, then stir together with lemongrass and remaining ingredients except sirloin in a bowl. Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking with medium-hot charcoal. Toss sirloin with 1/3 cup spice paste in a large bowl and thread chunks 1/4 inch apart onto skewers. Oil grill rack, then grill kebabs, turning occasionally and moving around if flare-ups occur, 5 to 6 minutes for medium-rare. Sirloin Kebabs with Southeast-Asian-Style Spice Paste has 797.0 calories. Sirloin Kebabs with Southeast-Asian-Style Spice Paste has 58.0 grams of protein. Sirloin Kebabs with Southeast-Asian-Style Spice Paste has 58.0 grams of fat. Sirloin Kebabs with Southeast-Asian-Style Spice Paste has 1103.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sirloin Kebabs with Southeast-Asian-Style Spice Paste are 1 large fresh lemongrass stalk, tough outer leaves discarded, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 large shallot, minced, 2 fresh jalapeño chiles, minced (3 tablespoons), including seeds, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 1/2 pounds sirloin tip, trimmed and cut into 1-inch chunks, Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder or a mortar and pestle; 8 (12-inch) wooden skewers, soaked in warm water 30 minutes.This paste showcases the layered flavors typical of Southeast Asian cooking. While the lemongrass does require a bit of work, its subtle but penetrating flavor is key. Adjust the amount of jalapeño peppers according to your heat tolerance and the heat level of the chiles you are using. We also like to use this spice paste on any type of grilled lamb.  Beef Ginger Pepper Appetizer Backyard BBQ Dinner Meat Steak Summer Tailgating Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.