Skewered Rosemary Shrimp with Mint Pesto recipe.  Combine first 7 ingredients in processor. Using on/off turns, process until mixture is smooth. Add mint leaves and lemon juice; process until smooth, stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl. Gradually add oil and process until mint pesto is smooth and creamy. Can be made 1 day ahead; cover and refrigerate.) Preheat broiler. Sprinkle shrimp with salt and pepper. Whisk oil, garlic, and parsley in medium bowl to blend. Add shrimp; toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature 15 minutes. Arrange shrimp in single layer on broiler pan. Broil until opaque in center, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to large bowl; sprinkle with lemon juice and toss with 1/2 cup mint pesto. Starting at base end of rosemary, skewer 1 shrimp on each sprig. Arrange on platter and serve. Skewered Rosemary Shrimp with Mint Pesto has 713.0 calories. Skewered Rosemary Shrimp with Mint Pesto has 125.0 grams of protein. Skewered Rosemary Shrimp with Mint Pesto has 16.0 grams of fat. Skewered Rosemary Shrimp with Mint Pesto has 5166.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Skewered Rosemary Shrimp with Mint Pesto are 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons (packed) feta cheese, 2 tablespoons (packed) Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped jalapeño chile, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 cups (packed) fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 24 large uncooked shrimp (about 2 pounds), peeled, deveined, tails left intact, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 24 4-inch-long woody rosemary sprigs.Rosemary sprigs double as flavoring agents and skewers in this beautiful hors d'oeuvre. Only half of the pesto is used for this recipe; toss the remainder with pasta or spread thinly on crostini or grilled chicken breasts. What to drink: Pinot Grigio.  Appetizer Broil Quick & Easy Feta Mint Rosemary Pine Nut Shrimp Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.