Skillet Corn Cake With Stewed Cherries recipe.  Place a 10-inch cast-iron skillet in the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the cornmeal. In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, egg yolk, milk, olive oil, and lemon zest until frothy. Add 3/4 cup of the sugar, and whisk to combine. Pour the wet ingredients over the dry ingredients and mix just until the batter is smooth. Swirl the butter in the hot cast-iron skillet until it has melted, and then pour the batter into the skillet. Return the skillet to the oven and cook until the center is set, about 25 minutes. While the cake is baking, set a 10-inch skillet over high heat, and add the cherries, lemon juice, and remaining 3/4 cup sugar. Cook until the cherries have released most of their juice, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside until ready to use. Allow the cake to cool in the skillet for 5 minutes. Then slice it into wedges and serve with the stewed cherries spooned over the top. Skillet Corn Cake With Stewed Cherries has 458.0 calories. Skillet Corn Cake With Stewed Cherries has 6.0 grams of protein. Skillet Corn Cake With Stewed Cherries has 19.0 grams of fat. Skillet Corn Cake With Stewed Cherries has 293.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Skillet Corn Cake With Stewed Cherries are 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons yellow cornmeal, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 2/3 cup milk, 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 (10-oz) bags frozen pitted cherries, 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice.To make the best use of your time, prepare the deceptively delicious cherry sauce while the corn cake is baking. The cake is best served either warm or at room temperature, with the stewed cherries spooned over the top. Since frozen cherries are available year-round, you’ll never need to wait for cherry season to enjoy this dessert.  HarperCollins Cake Dessert Summer Cornmeal Cherry Bake Lemon Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.