Skirt Steak with Peppers, Raisins, and Almonds recipe.  Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet not nonstick) over moderately high heat 2 minutes. Meanwhile, pat steaks dry and sprinkle all over with pepper and 1/2 teaspoon salt total). Add 1 tablespoon oil to hot skillet and swirl to coat, then sauté steaks, turning over once, 5 to 8 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a platter, reserving fat in skillet, and keep warm, covered. While steaks are sautéing, cook garlic and almonds in remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add pepper stir-fry, cinnamon, cloves, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and sauté vegetables, stirring, 4 minutes. Once steaks are removed from larger skillet, add vegetables and tomato paste to fat in skillet and cook over moderately high heat, stirring and scraping up brown bits, 1 minute. Stir in vinegar, water, raisins, and sugar and boil over moderately high heat until sauce is thickened slightly, about 2 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper and spoon over steaks. Skirt Steak with Peppers, Raisins, and Almonds has 817.0 calories. Skirt Steak with Peppers, Raisins, and Almonds has 53.0 grams of protein. Skirt Steak with Peppers, Raisins, and Almonds has 41.0 grams of fat. Skirt Steak with Peppers, Raisins, and Almonds has 766.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Skirt Steak with Peppers, Raisins, and Almonds are 1 3/4 pounds skirt steak, cut crosswise into 4 serving pieces, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, 1 (1-pound) bag frozen pepper stir-fry, thawed in a bowl of hot water and drained well, Pinch of ground cinnamon, Pinch of ground cloves, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup raisins, 1/2 teaspoon sugar.In this dish, inspired by Cuban cooking, hints of clove and cinnamon whisk a standby cowboy steak to the Caribbean.  Beef Fruit Garlic Nut Pepper Tomato Sauté Quick & Easy Gourmet.