Slow-Cooker Macaroni and Cheese recipe.  Coat a 3- to 4 1/2-quart slow cooker with nonstick cooking spray. Combine the low-fat and evaporated milks, egg, salt, and pepper in the cooker and whisk until smooth. Add the cheese and macaroni; gently stir with a rubber spatula to coat evenly with the milk and cheese mixture. Sprinkle the Parmesan on the top. Cover and cook on low until the custard is set in the center and the pasta is tender, 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Do not cook more than 4 hours, as the sides will dry out and burn. Macaroni and Italian Cheese: For the cheddar, substitute a combination of 1 cup of shredded fontina 4 ounces) and 1/2 cup of diced or shredded mozzarella 2 ounces). Macaroni and Swiss Cheese: Substitute an equal amount of shredded Gruyère or Emmenthaler cheese for the cheddar. Macaroni and Blue Cheese: Add 1/2 cup of crumbled Gorgonzola 2 ounces), Stilton, Roquefort, or American blue cheese to the cheddar and macaroni. Slow-Cooker Macaroni and Cheese has 499.0 calories. Slow-Cooker Macaroni and Cheese has 28.0 grams of protein. Slow-Cooker Macaroni and Cheese has 19.0 grams of fat. Slow-Cooker Macaroni and Cheese has 616.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Slow-Cooker Macaroni and Cheese are 1 1/2 cups skim or low-fat milk, 1 (15-ounce) can evaporated skim milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 1/4 teaspoon salt, Large pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/2 cups shredded medium or sharp cheddar cheese, such as Oregon Tillamook,
Vermont Colby, or Wisconsin longhorn, 8 ounces elbow macaroni (about 2 cups), 2 tablespoons freshly grated or shredded Parmesan cheese.Move over boxed mac and cheese; this version is just as simple and a whole lot tastier. The recipe is adapted from the food section of the San Diego Tribune. Pasta in the slow cooker is a bit of a challenge since there must be enough liquid to cook the pasta, but not so much that it will get mushy. We love this recipe because it is the old-fashioned mac and cheese, without a heavy white sauce to make first. The combination of the evaporated milk and egg replaces the flour as the thickener; canned milk does not curdle as fresh milk–based sauces sometimes do. Kids love the macaroni shape, so resist substituting any other shape of pasta. Please note that the pasta goes into the cooker uncooked. This recipe can be doubled and cooked in the large cooker.  Slow Cooker Pasta Macaroni and Cheese Cheese Cheddar Kid-Friendly Dinner.