Slow-Cooked Tuscan Kale recipe. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a rapid boil over high heat. Working in 2 batches, blanch kale for 2 minutes. Drain, let cool, and squeeze out excess water with your hands. Coarsely chop; set aside. Heat a large pot over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add 1/4 cup oil, rosemary sprig, and chile. Let sizzle, shaking pan often, for about 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium-low; add onion. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring often; stir in garlic. Cook, stirring often, until onion is soft and starting to brown, 5-7 minutes. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil and kale; stir to coat. Season with 1/4 teaspoon salt, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook, stirring often, until kale turns almost black and is slightly crisp at edges, about 30 minutes. Let cool. Discard rosemary and chile. Slow-Cooked Tuscan Kale has 168.0 calories. Slow-Cooked Tuscan Kale has 4.0 grams of protein. Slow-Cooked Tuscan Kale has 14.0 grams of fat. Slow-Cooked Tuscan Kale has 270.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Slow-Cooked Tuscan Kale are 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, plus more, 1 pound Tuscan kale (about 2 bunches), center ribs and stems removed, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 sprig rosemary, 1 dried chile de árbol, broken into 4 pieces, 1 cup sliced yellow onion, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Ingredient info: Tuscan kale, also called black kale, dinosaur kale, Lacinato kale, or cavolo nero, has long, narrow, dark green bumpy leaves; find it at farmers' markets and some supermarkets. Dried chiles de árbol are available at Latin markets, specialty foods stores, and some supermarkets..Taking your time with kale draws out its sweetness. This dish is also delicious served with pork.  Leafy Green Onion Side Sauté Thanksgiving Vegetarian Low Cal Kale Fall Winter Vegan Chile Pepper Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.