Slow-Cooked Onion Salad recipe. Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Line a large shallow baking pan with foil, allowing 2 inches to hang over each end of pan. Wash leek pieces well in a bowl of cold water, then lift out and drain well. Whisk together honey, oil, salt, and pepper and add onions, shallots, and leeks, tossing to coat. Spread onion mixture in an even layer in baking pan. Scatter thyme on top, then cover with another large sheet of foil and crimp edges all around to seal, forming a package. Roast until very tender, about 1 hour. Carefully remove top sheet of foil steam will emerge) and turn on broiler. Broil onion mixture 5 to 6 inches from heat until tops of onions are browned and caramelized, 2 to 5 minutes. Check frequently, removing pieces as they brown.) Discard thyme. Whisk together oil, lemon juice, garlic, mustard, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Trim endives and halve lengthwise. Cut in half crosswise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips. Just before serving, add endives to dressing along with spinach and chives and toss until lightly coated. Season with salt and pepper. 3Divide salad among 6 plates and top with warm onion mixture. Slow-Cooked Onion Salad has 237.0 calories. Slow-Cooked Onion Salad has 6.0 grams of protein. Slow-Cooked Onion Salad has 5.0 grams of fat. Slow-Cooked Onion Salad has 450.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Slow-Cooked Onion Salad are 4 medium leeks (1 lb total; white and pale green parts only), trimmed and cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces (1 cup), 2 tablespoons mild honey, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1 sweet onion such as Vidalia (1/2 lb), trimmed and cut crosswise into 6 slices, 1 large red onion (1/2 lb), trimmed and cut lengthwise into 6 wedges, 1 large white onion (10 oz), trimmed and cut lengthwise into 6 wedges, 6 medium shallots (10 oz total), trimmed, 8 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon coarse-grain mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 2 Belgian endives, 5 cups baby spinach (5 oz), 1/4 cup chopped fresh chives or scallions, Accompaniment: lemon wedges (optional).In this rich, sweet salad, we've included not just onions but their relatives in the Allium family — shallots, leeks, garlic, and chives. For meltingly tender results, be sure to peel off the papery outer layer, the leathery second layer, and any paper-thin membranes from the onions, shallots, and leeks.  Salad Onion Side Roast Thanksgiving Vegetarian Leek Spinach Healthy Chive Endive Shallot Gourmet Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.