Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens recipe. Preheat oven to 250°F. Brush a large baking dish with oil. Combine chickpeas, cumin, and 1 tablespoon oil in a medium bowl. Mash about half of chickpeas with a fork; season with salt and pepper. Transfer chickpea mixture to prepared dish. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add mustard greens and cook, tossing, until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Add honey and 1/4 cup water; season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing, until greens are completely wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to dish with chickpea mixture. Season salmon with salt and pepper; arrange over greens and chickpea mixture and drizzle with oil. Bake until salmon is opaque in the center, 30–35 minutes. Whisk shallot, lemon juice, mustard, and honey in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook capers until opened and crisp, about 30 seconds; drain on paper towels. Drizzle salmon with vinaigrette and top with capers. Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens has 778.0 calories. Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens has 44.0 grams of protein. Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens has 54.0 grams of fat. Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens has 517.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Slow-Cooked Salmon, Chickpeas, and Greens are 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more, 1 15.5-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 1 small bunch mustard greens, ribs and stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 6-ounce skinless salmon fillets, 1/2 small shallot, very finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, patted dry.Flay often uses terracotta dishes called cazuelas for this recipe.  Fish Leafy Green Bake Dinner Seafood Salmon Chickpea Mustard Greens Bon Appétit Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.