Smashed Baby Red Potatoes with Ancho Chiles and Dry Jack Cheese recipe.  Place chiles in small bowl; cover with hot water. Let stand until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain; chop. Transfer to mini processor; process to coarse puree or finely chop chiles). Measure 1/4 cup puree and set aside reserve any remaining puree for another use). DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring potatoes to boil in large saucepan. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 16 minutes. Drain. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Heat oil in same saucepan over medium-low heat. Add 1/4 cup chile puree and garlic; stir 30 seconds. Add potatoes; stir to coat. Using back of wooden spoon, smash potatoes until largest pieces are about 1-inch cubes. Stir to heat through. Stir in cheese, 1/2 cup parsley, and cilantro. Transfer to bowl, sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon parsley, and serve. *Available at many supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Latin markets nationwide. Smashed Baby Red Potatoes with Ancho Chiles and Dry Jack Cheese has 326.0 calories. Smashed Baby Red Potatoes with Ancho Chiles and Dry Jack Cheese has 9.0 grams of protein. Smashed Baby Red Potatoes with Ancho Chiles and Dry Jack Cheese has 20.0 grams of fat. Smashed Baby Red Potatoes with Ancho Chiles and Dry Jack Cheese has 151.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Smashed Baby Red Potatoes with Ancho Chiles and Dry Jack Cheese are 2 dried ancho chiles,* stemmed, halved, seeded, 3 pounds baby red potatoes (about 1 1/2 inches in diameter), 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup grated dry Jack cheese or 2/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese and 1/3 cup grated sharp white cheddar cheese, 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro.These will add a southwestern-style kick to your Thanksgiving menu.  Cheese Potato Side Thanksgiving Vegetarian High Fiber Cheddar Parmesan Hot Pepper Cilantro Parsley Monterey Jack Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.