Smoked Whiskey Wings recipe. Using kitchen shears or a very sharp knife, cut each wing in half to separate the flat from the drumette; cut off and discard the tip or save it for stock. Wash the pieces well, pat them dry, season liberally with salt and pepper, and set them aside in a large zip-top freezer bag. In a small saucepan, whisk the sauce with the whiskey and sugar and bring just to a simmer over medium-high heat. Remove the sauce from the heat and whisk in the mustard. Cool completely. Pour the mixture in the bag with the chicken wings, seal the bag, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight. Prepare a smoker with soaked wood chips and heat it to 250°F see Cook's Notes). Alternatively, prepare a charcoal grill see Cook's Notes) or gas grill see Cook's Notes) for smoking and heat it to medium-low heat. Remove the wings from the marinade and discard the marinade. Place the wings in a large, shallow aluminum pan in a single layer. Place the uncovered pan in the smoker and cook, for 2 hours. Remove the wings from the smoker and serve with more sauce on the side if you like. Smoked Whiskey Wings has 422.0 calories. Smoked Whiskey Wings has 33.0 grams of protein. Smoked Whiskey Wings has 25.0 grams of fat. Smoked Whiskey Wings has 449.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Smoked Whiskey Wings are 2 dozen whole chicken wings, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3/4 cup Only Sauce , plus more for serving, optional, 1/4 cup whiskey, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard.You got your breast men and your leg men and your thigh men, but let me tell you something: I'm a wing man. What I love about wings is that you get a two-in-one treat when you eat them: Between the drumette and the flat, that's some good gnawing. Wings are great for weeknight cooking too, because they take very little time to prepare and cook.  Chicken Appetizer Fourth of July Father's Day Backyard BBQ Whiskey Summer Tailgating Smoker Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.