Smoked Scotch Eggs recipe.  Put the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Let rest for 15 minutes to warm them up before cooking. This will help keep them from cracking.) Over high heat, bring the eggs to a boil, rolling them around in the pot frequently. When the water begins to boil, start timing and cook for 2 minutes, continuing to roll the eggs around in the pan. This will keep the yolks in the center.) Remove the eggs from the boiling water quickly and submerge them in ice water to stop the cooking. When the eggs are cool, peel them and refrigerate. Put the pork in a medium bowl and add the salt, pepper, garlic powder, and cayenne. Mix well and then divide the sausage into six equal portions. On waxed paper, flatten out one of the portions to a 4-inch circle. Top with an egg and wrap the sausage all around the egg, stretching as needed and sealing it completely. Do this with all the eggs and then season them liberally with the rub. Put the eggs on a pan lined with wax paper and refrigerate for 1 hour. Prepare your cooker to cook indirectly at 235°F using medium pecan wood for smoke flavor. Place the eggs on a grill topper or directly on the cooking grate and cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until golden brown and firm to the touch. Transfer the eggs to a plate and let cool. Cut them in halves or quarters and serve with barbecue sauce for dipping. The ingredients of Smoked Scotch Eggs are 6 large eggs, Ice water, 1 pound ground pork, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Barbecue Rub #67.Sausage-wrapped "Scotch" eggs are a tasty and interesting dish when breaded and fried in the traditional manner, but cooking them on the smoker makes a very special treat. The homemade sausage gets a nice crust on the outside and, if you get it cooked just right, the egg yolk will have a little bit of ooze on the inside. Just make sure to seal the sausage all the way around the egg before smoking. I like to serve these as an appetizer, but they are also fine as a nice smoked addition to a lunch salad.  Egg Pork Appetizer Backyard BBQ Meat Grill Chill Grill Barbecue Advance Prep Required.