Smoked Oyster Caesar recipe.  In a food processor fitted with the blade attachment, or in a blender, pulse the egg yolks, lemon juice, Dijon, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and Worcestershire until thoroughly combined. With the machine running, add the vegetable oil very slowly to make an emulsified dressing. Drain the oysters from their oil, reserving 1 tablespoon of the oil for the croutons. Add the drained oysters to the dressing and pulse until smooth. Combine crackers, olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and black pepper with the reserved tablespoon of oyster oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Cook, tossing often, until the crackers are toasty. Set aside to cool. Put a spoonful of the dressing directly onto each plate. Place a romaine heart half, face up, on the dressing, and drizzle with additional dressing. Top with croutons, cracked black pepper and cheese. Dressing can be made up to 7 days ahead. Pour into a container and keep chilled. Smoked Oyster Caesar has 329.0 calories. Smoked Oyster Caesar has 6.0 grams of protein. Smoked Oyster Caesar has 26.0 grams of fat. Smoked Oyster Caesar has 993.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Smoked Oyster Caesar are 2 egg yolks, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 3/4 cup vegetable oil, 1 3.7-ounce can smoked oysters packed in oil, 2 cups oyster crackers, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for serving, 4 romaine hearts, bases removed and halved lengthwise, 1/4 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese.I get a lot of inspiration from staring at the supermarket shelves, and seeing what items are grouped together. I made this recipe because I found the smoked oysters next to the anchovies in the canned fish section and decided to try them out instead in my Caesar dressing. Once I did that, I decided to riff on the croutons a bit too. In this recipe, the smoky oysters complement the rich egg yolks, which in turn get cut by a healthy dose of lemon juice. Do you like other canned fishies? All are good Caesar salad material, providing they are packed in oil, which amps up their flavor almost to a condiment level of oomph. If you want to get real crazy, find the canned seafood section in an ethnic market.  Salad Lettuce Oyster Quick & Easy Dinner Fish Cheese Egg Appetizer Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.