Smoked Stuffed Chile Poppers recipe.  To make the popper filling, combine the cheeses in a medium-size bowl and stir them together with a fork. Put the cheese mixture in a gallon-size zipper-top plastic bag and cut a small hole in one corner of the bag. Squeeze each jalapeño full of the cheese mixture. Place the cheese-filled jalapeños in the egg carton. Push a pecan half into each pepper. Wrap a half strip of bacon around each jalapeño and secure with a toothpick. Fill your charcoal chimney with briquets, set the chimney on the bottom grill grate, and light or prepare a fire in your smoker. For a gas grill, turn half the burners to high. When the coals are ready, dump them into the bottom of your grill, and spread them evenly across half. Scatter the drained wood chips on the hot coals, or put the dry wood chips in a metal container and place closest to a burner on a gas grill. Place the jalapeños on the indirect side of the grill. When the smoke starts to rise, close the lid. Smoke the peppers at 350°F for 1 hour and 15 minutes until the bacon is cooked and the jalapeño have a smoky aroma. Smoked Stuffed Chile Poppers has 499.0 calories. Smoked Stuffed Chile Poppers has 18.0 grams of protein. Smoked Stuffed Chile Poppers has 45.0 grams of fat. Smoked Stuffed Chile Poppers has 674.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Smoked Stuffed Chile Poppers are 8 ounces cream cheese or Neufchâtel cheese, at room temperature, 1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 12 large jalapeño chiles (green, red, or both), cored and seeded, 1 empty cardboard egg carton, lid removed, or a metal jalapeño popper rack, 12 pecan halves, toasted (see Note), 8 ounces thin-sliced smoked bacon, 1/2 cup wood chips, soaked in water and drained, or 1 cup dry wood chips for a gas grill.Chile "poppers"—just pop 'em in your mouth—are on many restaurant menus, and they're easy to prepare in your own backyard. They need to smoke at a higher temperature so the bacon wrapped around the outside of the chile gets cooked through. Although higher-heat smoking is technically not considered low-and-slow traditional barbecue, it does have its place in recipes like this one (and for people who use a ceramic smoker, which automatically smokes at a higher temperature). At a lower temperature, the bacon won't crisp up. You can also use this technique to smoke other bacon-wrapped appetizers like shrimp, water chestnuts, or green bean bundles. If you like, substitute goat cheese, garlic-and-herb cream cheese, or even pimiento cheese spread for the cream cheese and cheddar. You can also use almonds or walnuts instead of the pecans, or omit the nuts.  Oscars Cheddar Cream Cheese Bacon Pecan Tailgating Family Reunion Poker Game Night Jalapeño Party.