Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress recipe.  Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Trim beets, discarding stems and greens or reserve for another use), then wrap together in foil and roast until tender, about 1 1/4 hours. Let beets stand in foil at least 15 minutes, then remove from foil and cool. Remove skins and cut beets into 1/3-inch dice. Whisk together shallots, vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then whisk in oil. Reserve 2 tablespoon vinaigrette for watercress and toss remainder with beets. Let marinate at room temperature 30 minutes. Drain beets in a sieve set over a bowl and set beet vinaigrette aside. Put pastry ring in center of a salad plate and gently press about 2 1/2 tablespoons fish into bottom of ring, then put about 1/4 cup beets over fish. Repeat on 7 more plates. Toss watercress with reserved 2 tablespoons vinaigrette and mound over beets a small handful per plate). Drizzle a little beet vinaigrette around each plate. Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress has 178.0 calories. Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress has 7.0 grams of protein. Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress has 13.0 grams of fat. Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress has 287.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Smoked-Sable Tartare with Beets and Watercress are 3 medium beets (about 1 1/2 pound with greens), 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons white-wine vinegar, 2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1/4 teaspoon sugar, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 pound sliced smoked sablefish (black cod), chopped (about 1 1/3 cups), 2 bunches watercress, torn into small sprigs (6 cups), Equipment: heavy-duty foil; a 2 1/2-inch pastry ring or cookie cutter without a handle.Smoked sable is as moist as smoked salmon, but with a voluptuous silkiness all its own. To balance its sea-saltiness, top it with earthy roasted beets and fresh watercress. This festive salad makes a wonderfully light start to a lavish Thanksgiving feast.  Roast Cocktail Party Thanksgiving Oscars Dinner Watermelon Cod Beet Healthy Engagement Party Watercress Gourmet Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.