Snap Pea Salad recipe. So long as you find the right snap peas, you'll have a smashing salad. But I find that putting your knife to them adds even more excitement, a little textural variation and attractiveness. Accordingly, run the tip of your knife along the spine of some of the larger pods, open them like a book to expose the peas, and gently pull to separate the two sides of the pod. Slice others diagonally in half or thirds. Keep small ones whole. Combine the peas and mint in a large bowl. Pour in the dressing and toss gently but well. Season to taste with more salt and lemon, if you'd like. Add the arugula to the bowl and toss gently to coat the leaves in the dressing without bruising them. Arrange it all prettily on a platter and serve straightaway. Snap Pea Salad has 54.0 calories. Snap Pea Salad has 3.0 grams of protein. Snap Pea Salad has 63.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Snap Pea Salad are 1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed and strings removed (see note), A five-finger pinch of mint leaves (preferably black mint), roughly chopped at the last minute, 1/4 cup Simple Lemon Dressing, Maldon or another flaky sea salt, Lemon juice, Large handful delicate, peppery arugula.I admit that I'm hard on sugar snap peas. I get disappointed when they suck, of course, but I also get grumpy when they're anything less than perfect—unblemished, super sweet, and not a bit starchy. That's the curse of keeping high standards, I suppose: you're so rarely satisfied. When at last I do find perfect snap peas, I make this salad. I leave them raw—only the finest snap peas can be this delightful without a dunk in boiling water—and accentuate their flavor with little more than a lemony dressing and mint. If you'd like, you could add some creamy goat cheese in blobs or good old burrata alongside.  Side Low Fat Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy High Fiber Wheat Gluten-Free Healthy Vegan Raw Sugar Snap Pea Fat Free Vegetarian Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.