Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham recipe. Melt the butter in a large, heavy saucepan over moderate heat, add the ham and scallions, and cook, stirring now and then, for 5 to 8 minutes or until lightly browned. Add the beans and broth and bring to a boil. Adjust the heat so the broth bubbles gently, cover, and cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until the beans are crisp-tender. Meanwhile, combine the thickener and the mustard and set aside. As soon as the beans are done, whisk a little of the hot broth into the mustard mixture, stir back into the pan, add the pepper, and cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes or until the broth thickens. Continue cooking uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 5 minutes or until the sauce has the consistency of a glaze. Taste the beans for salt and pepper, adjust as needed, and serve straightaway. Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham has 158.0 calories. Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham has 11.0 grams of protein. Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham has 6.0 grams of fat. Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham has 740.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Snap Beans with Mustard and Country Ham are 1 tablespoon butter, bacon drippings, or vegetable oil, 3 ounces uncooked country ham, finely diced, 6 medium scallions, trimmed and coarsely chopped (including some green tops), 1 pound tender young green beans, tipped and snapped in two if large, 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour blended with 2 tablespoons cold water (thickener), 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, or to taste.To many Southerners, green beans are "snap beans" because they "snap" when you break them. This recipe, my own, combines three southern favorites: green beans, mustard, and country ham. I like these beans best with roast turkey, grilled or roast chicken. But they're equally delicious with pork chops or roast pork. Some southern supermarkets sell biscuit slices, slim rounds of country ham ready to cook and slip into biscuits. Others sell country ham by the piece or the pound. If it's not available in your area, you can order it from thevirginiacompany.com. Note: Because of the saltiness of the ham, the mustard, and the broth, these beans are unlikely to need additional salt. But taste before serving and adjust as needed.  Side Thanksgiving Quick & Easy Dinner Ham Green Bean Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.