Sorrel Rice Bowls with Poached Eggs recipe. Cook rice in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, 45-50 minutes. Drain rice, return to pot, cover, and let sit 10 minutes. Spread out on a baking sheet and let cool completely. Purée sorrel, oil, and 1 tablespoon water in a food processor until smooth; season with kosher salt and pepper. Meanwhile, bring 2" water to a boil in a large saucepan; reduce heat so water is at a gentle simmer and add vinegar. Crack an egg into a small bowl, then gently slide egg into water. Repeat with remaining eggs, waiting until whites are opaque before adding the next about 30 seconds apart). Poach until whites are set and yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to paper towels as they are done. Toss radish with 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a small bowl; season with kosher salt. Toss rice, preserved lemon, 1 tablespoon dill, remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and 1/3 cup sorrel purée in a medium bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper and mix in more sorrel purée, if desired. Serve sorrel rice topped with poached eggs, radish, feta, hot sauce, more dill, and sea salt. Do ahead: Rice can be cooked 2 days ahead; cover and chill. Sorrel purée can be made 2 days ahead; cover and chill. Bring rice and purée to room temperature before serving. The ingredients of Sorrel Rice Bowls with Poached Eggs are 2 cups short-grain brown rice, Kosher salt, 1 cup (lightly packed) sorrel or kale leaves (ribs removed, if using kale), 1/4 cup olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 1 large watermelon radish or 2 red radishes, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided, 1/2 preserved lemon, flesh removed, peel finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, plus more for serving, 2 ounces feta, preferably sheep's milk, crumbled, Hot sauce, Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon).This "put an egg on it" dream dish is a must-order menu item at Sqirl. If using kale, you may want to add more lemon juice to mimic sorrel's tart sharpness.  Leafy Green Low Fat Vegetarian High Fiber Dinner Lunch Feta Spring Summer Healthy Brown Rice Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.