Sort of Sephardic Sweet Potatoes and Squash recipe.  Adult: Preheat oven to 375°. Peel the squash. Child: Peel the sweet potatoes or yams. Then carefully cut both the sweet potatoes and squash into 1-inch cubes. Place most of the oil in the casserole. Add the sweet potatoes and bake, covered with aluminum foil, about 20 minutes. Adult: Take out the hot dish from the oven and carefully remove the foil. Child: Add the squash and the cranberries or cherries. Sprinkle the sugar and cinnamon on top and dribble with the remaining oil. Adult: Bake uncovered at 375° for 30-35 minutes, or until well browned. Serve over roast chicken or pot roast. The ingredients of Sort of Sephardic Sweet Potatoes and Squash are 1 pound acorn or butternut squash, 1 pound sweet potatoes or yams, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1/4 cup dried cranberries or cherries, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Vegetable peeler, Sharp paring knife, Wooden spoon, Frying pan, Mixing bowl, Aluminum foil, Oblong casserole dish (about 9 by 13 inches).Sephardic Jews from Turkey, Greece, Morocco, and other countries of the Mediterranean region say seven special blessings over seven different symbolic foods at their Rosh Hashanah dinner. Five of these blessings are over vegetables — apples (candied or dipped in sugar or honey), leeks, beet greens or spinach, dates, and zucchini or squash. These blessings symbolize their hopes for the New Year. Many of these Jews trace their ancestors back to Spain, which is called Sepharad in the Bible. Over the centuries, the Sephardic Jews took advantage of the abundance of vegetables available in the Mediterranean countries, often throughout the year. Among these vegetables are sweet potatoes and squash, great favorites of my family. The special blessing you can say over your sweet potatoes and squash at the beginning of your Rosh Hashanah dinner goes like this:.  Side Vegetarian Kid-Friendly Low Cal Low Sodium Wheat Gluten-Free Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Cranberry Squash Sweet Potato Yam Fall Kosher.