Soufflé of Puff Pastry with Orange-Scented Pastry Cream, Candied Pecans, and Caramel Butter Sauce recipe.  In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the cream to soft peaks. Whisk the Pastry Cream until smooth. Gently fold in the orange zest and whipped cream. Transfer the cream to a pastry bag fitted with a medium, plain tip and refrigerate until ready to serve. In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons 30 g/1 oz) of the water. In a small saucepan, combine the brown sugar, vanilla bean pod and seeds, and remaining 2 cups 470 g/16.5 oz) water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the cornstarch mixture and cook, whisking, for another minute. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the butter, salt, and rum. Keep the sauce warm until serving, or refrigerate it, covered, and rewarm before serving. Preheat the oven to 350°F 177°C). Place the pecans in a medium bowl and set aside. In a small saucepan, combine the water and sugar and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring, just until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the syrup over the pecans and toss until combined. Spread the coated pecans on a half-sheet pan and bake for about 8 minutes, tossing once during baking, until browned and fragrant. Preheat the oven to 400°F 204°C). Line a half-sheet pan with a silicone baking mat. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the puff pastry out to a thickness of 1/2 inch. Using a 3-inch round pastry cutter, cut out 10 rounds from the dough. Arrange the rounds on the prepared sheet pan and top with another silicone baking mat and half-sheet pan; this will allow the rounds to rise evenly. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, or until the rounds are browned and nicely puffed. Remove the top sheet pan and baking mat. Preheat the broiler and dust the rounds liberally with confectioners' sugar. Place the rounds under the broiler until they are caramelized. Assemble the desserts immediately. While the Puff Pastry Rounds are still hot from the oven, split them in half. Scoop out any undercooked dough from the center of each half and pipe a generous amount of cold Orange-Scented Pastry Cream on the bottom half of the puff. Replace the top of the puff. Place the dessert on a plate and spoon some Caramel Butter Sauce on top of the warm pastry. Garnish with some Candied Pecans. The ingredients of Soufflé of Puff Pastry with Orange-Scented Pastry Cream, Candied Pecans, and Caramel Butter Sauce are 1/2 cup (120 g/4.2 oz) heavy cream, Pastry Cream, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 1 1/2 Tbsp (12 g/0.42 oz) cornstarch, 2 cups plus 2 Tbsp (500 g/17.6 oz) water, 1 cup (225 g/8 oz) firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 2 Tbsp (30 g/1 oz) unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 1 Tbsp (15 g/0.5 oz) Myers's dark rum, 1 1/4 cups (125 g/4.4 oz) pecan halves, 1/4 cup (60 g/2.1 oz) water, 1/4 cup (50 g/1.76 oz) granulated sugar, Puff Pastry, Confectioners' sugar, for dusting, Special Equipment medium, plain tip (Ateco #6); 3-inch round pastry cutter.Daniel Boulud always had a preference for classic French desserts, so I developed this recipe for the lunch menu when I was pastry chef at Daniel. The dessert itself is very simple: We bake an undocked, thick round of puff pastry, letting it puff up high, and serve it hot, filled with Orange-Scented Pastry Cream and topped with a buttery caramel sauce and a few Candied Pecans. The puff pastry rounds should be baked à la minute, never ahead of time, though the dough can be rolled out and cut in advance, and stored, covered, in the refrigerator for up to a day. Sometimes the best desserts are the simplest.  Dessert Bake Pecan Pastry Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.