Sour-Cream Pancakes with Sour-Cream Maple Syrup recipe. Heat all ingredients in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until butter has melted. Preheat oven to 200°F. Whisk together flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Whisk together sour cream, milk, egg, and melted butter 2 tablespoons), then whisk into flour mixture. Brush a 12-inch nonstick skillet with melted butter and heat over medium heat until hot. Working in batches, pour a scant 1/4 cup batter per pancake into skillet and cook until bubbles appear on surface and undersides are golden brown. Flip and cook other side, about 1 minute. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in oven. Lightly butter skillet between batches. Serve pancakes with warm syrup. Sour-Cream Pancakes with Sour-Cream Maple Syrup has 469.0 calories. Sour-Cream Pancakes with Sour-Cream Maple Syrup has 7.0 grams of protein. Sour-Cream Pancakes with Sour-Cream Maple Syrup has 28.0 grams of fat. Sour-Cream Pancakes with Sour-Cream Maple Syrup has 669.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sour-Cream Pancakes with Sour-Cream Maple Syrup are Scant 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/3 cup pure maple syrup, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus additional for cooking pancakes.When food editor Lillian Chou was faced with creating a recipe to use up the scant cup of sour cream left over from our Ravioli with Green Beans and Prosciutto , she immediately thought of pancakes. She knew that the sour cream would act like buttermilk to produce a very tender texture. But the eureka moment came when she thought to combine some of the sour cream with maple syrup and butter for a topping. The result is the color of café au lait, with the tang of sour cream playing off the syrup's deep sweetness.  Breakfast Brunch Christmas Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy New Year's Day Birthday Shower Sour Cream Maple Syrup Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.