Soy-Sake Shrimp with Ginger Aïoli recipe.  Combine soy sauce, green onions, 4 tablespoons oil, vinegar, sake, brown sugar, and garlic in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish; whisk marinade to blend. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour, turning shrimp occasionally. Blend mayonnaise and ginger in food processor until smooth. Transfer ginger aioli to small bowl and refrigerate. Drain marinade from shrimp into small saucepan; bring to boil. Whisk 2 tablespoons boiled marinade into ginger aioli; reserve remaining boiled marinade. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp; sauté until just opaque in center, about 4 minutes. Mound rice in center of plates. Arrange shrimp around rice; drizzle with ginger aioli. Serve, passing reserved boiled marinade. Soy-Sake Shrimp with Ginger Aïoli has 2341.0 calories. Soy-Sake Shrimp with Ginger Aïoli has 372.0 grams of protein. Soy-Sake Shrimp with Ginger Aïoli has 71.0 grams of fat. Soy-Sake Shrimp with Ginger Aïoli has 16813.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Soy-Sake Shrimp with Ginger Aïoli are 1/2 cup soy sauce, 2 green onions, chopped, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sake or dry Sherry, 1 tablespoon golden brown sugar, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 24 deveined peeled uncooked large shrimp (about 1 1/2 pounds), 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger, Cooked white rice.Joe Dion of North Charleston, South Carolina, writes: "Because I work in a restaurant (I'm a chef at a place called Slightly North of Broad in Charleston), I don't let my cooking at home get too complicated. I'm at the restaurant five days a week and often work on weekends, but whenever I have the chance I enjoy getting together with friends and cooking for them.".  Ginger Shellfish Soy Appetizer Marinate Sauté Quick & Easy Seafood Shrimp Spring Summer Soy Sauce Bon Appétit South Carolina Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.