Spaghetti and Swiss Chard With Garlic Chips recipe. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook garlic, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer garlic with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Cook onion in oil remaining in skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add currants and cook, stirring, until plumped, about 1 minute. Stir chard stems into onion mixture with water and 3/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Cook, covered, over medium-high heat until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in chard leaves and cook, covered, until stems and leaves are tender, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, cook spaghetti in a pasta pot of boiling salted water 2 tablespoons salt for 5 quarts water) until al dente. Reserve 1 cup pasta-cooking water and drain spaghetti. Toss spaghetti with chard, olives, and 1/2 cup cooking water, adding more cooking water if necessary. Season with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with feta and garlic chips. Spaghetti and Swiss Chard With Garlic Chips has 910.0 calories. Spaghetti and Swiss Chard With Garlic Chips has 31.0 grams of protein. Spaghetti and Swiss Chard With Garlic Chips has 37.0 grams of fat. Spaghetti and Swiss Chard With Garlic Chips has 1018.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spaghetti and Swiss Chard With Garlic Chips are 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 head garlic, cloves peeled and thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1/2 cup dried currants, 2 pounds green Swiss chard, stems and center ribs finely chopped and leaves coarsely chopped separately, 1/2 cup water, 1 pound spaghetti, 1/2 cup Kalamata olives, cut into slivers, 6 ounces feta, crumbled (1 1/2 cups).Executive food editor Kemp Minifie brought the idea for this restorative pasta from her own home. Everyone in the test kitchen loved the briny intensity of feta and olives offset by sweet currants and slightly bitter chard. The garlic doesn’t stay crisp for long, so be sure to serve immediately.  Garlic Pasta Sauté Vegetarian Quick & Easy Father's Day Dinner Swiss Cheese Gourmet Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.