Spaghetti with Chorizo and Almonds recipe. Bring broth, water, wine, saffron, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil in a small saucepan, then reduce heat and keep at a bare simmer. Heat oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté garlic until pale golden, about 30 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Add chorizo and sauté until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer with slotted spoon to paper towels with garlic. Add butter to pot and sauté onion until golden, about 5 minutes, then add pasta and sauté, breaking up fideos with a wooden spoon, until golden, about 4 minutes. Add broth mixture and cook, covered, until all liquid is absorbed, about 6 minutes. Stir in chickpeas, chorizo, garlic, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve pasta sprinkled with almonds and drizzled with oil. Spaghetti with Chorizo and Almonds has 828.0 calories. Spaghetti with Chorizo and Almonds has 31.0 grams of protein. Spaghetti with Chorizo and Almonds has 34.0 grams of fat. Spaghetti with Chorizo and Almonds has 863.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spaghetti with Chorizo and Almonds are 1 1/2 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth, 1 1/2 cups water, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1/2 teaspoon crumbled saffron thoureads, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus additional for drizzling, 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 4 ounces Spanish chorizo (cured spiced pork sausage; not hot), cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 ounces fideos (dried coiled vermicelli noodles) or angel-hair pasta or thin spaghetti, broken into 2-inch lengths, 1 (14- to 19-ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 cup sliced almonds with skins, toasted.For this Spanish-inspired pasta, you break the dried noodles and cook them more like rice — the result is a silky mix speckled with crunchy almonds, smoky chorizo, and aromatic saffron.  Garlic Pasta Sauté Quick & Easy Sausage Almond Chickpea White Wine Parsley Gourmet.