Spiced Veal Roulades recipe. Working in batches and using meat mallet, pound veal scallops between sheets of plastic wrap into thin ovals, each about 3 to 4 inches wide. Sprinkle both sides of scallops lightly with salt. Mix 4 tablespoons butter and parsley in small bowl. Spread 1 teaspoon butter mixture evenly over 1 side of each veal scallop. Starting at short sides, roll up veal, enclosing butter mixture. Fasten ends of veal scallops with toothpicks to secure. Spread flour on plate. Whisk eggs, garlic, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, cinnamon, pepper, cloves, and nutmeg in medium bowl to blend. Dredge veal scallops in flour; shake off excess. Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter with oil in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat until butter foams but is not brown, about 3 minutes. Turn veal rolls in egg mixture to coat well and add to skillet. Increase heat to medium-high and cook until rolls are browned on all sides and cooked through, turning frequently, about 10 minutes. Transfer to work surface; remove toothpicks. Cut rolls crosswise into slices. Divide veal roulades among plates and serve. Spiced Veal Roulades has 420.0 calories. Spiced Veal Roulades has 28.0 grams of protein. Spiced Veal Roulades has 23.0 grams of fat. Spiced Veal Roulades has 1124.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spiced Veal Roulades are 12 (3- to 4-ounce) veal scallops, 7 tablespoons butter, room temperature, divided, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 cup all purpose flour, 2 large eggs, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil.Cinnamon, black pepper, cloves, and nutmeg flavor the roulade coating. To round out the meal, serve the veal with mashed potatoes mixed with a little sautéed Swiss chard and a salad of mixed greens.  Beef Egg Garlic Herb Sauté Quick & Easy Veal Cinnamon Clove Parsley Nutmeg Bon Appétit.