Spiced Beef and Onion Pitas with Parsley Sauce recipe. Purée all sauce ingredients in a blender until smooth. Toast pitas on rack of a gas burner over high heat, turning with tongs, until heated through but still pliable pitas may puff), about 1 minute, then wrap in foil to keep warm. Alternatively, wrap untoasted pitas in foil and warm in a preheated 300°F oven or toaster oven.) Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté half of onions, stirring occasionally, until browned but still crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a large plate. Sauté remaining onions in 1 tablespoon oil in same manner and transfer to plate reserve skillet). Stir together coriander, cumin, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Pat beef dry and toss with spices. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in skillet over moderately high heat, then sauté half of beef, stirring, until browned but still pink inside, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Transfer beef to plate with onions, then sauté remaining beef in remaining tablespoon oil in same manner. Halve pitas and fill with beef and onions. Serve sauce on the side. Spiced Beef and Onion Pitas with Parsley Sauce has 535.0 calories. Spiced Beef and Onion Pitas with Parsley Sauce has 30.0 grams of protein. Spiced Beef and Onion Pitas with Parsley Sauce has 34.0 grams of fat. Spiced Beef and Onion Pitas with Parsley Sauce has 850.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spiced Beef and Onion Pitas with Parsley Sauce are 3 cups loosely packed fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves (from 2 bunches), 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 cup olive oil, 4 (6-inch) pita loaves with pockets, 1/4 cup olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 pound white onions, quartered lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide wedges, 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1 pound sliced stir-fry beef (top round) or 1/3-inch-thick top round steaks, cut into 1/3-inch-wide strips. Blender Beef Herb Onion Sauté Quick & Easy Gourmet.