Spice-Crusted Rack of Lamb recipe. Blend all spices to powder in grinder or mill. Transfer spice rub to small bowl. Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add bones; saut&é until brown, about 10 minutes. Add celery, onion, garlic, ginger and bay leaves. Reduce heat to medium; saut&é until celery is tender, about 5 minutes. Mix in tomatoes and 2 tablespoons spice rub; stir 2 minutes. Add broth, wine and mint. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer 1§ hours. Strain into medium saucepan, pressing hard on solids in sieve. Spoon fat off top of broth; reserve fat for use with lamb. Boil broth until reduced to 1§ cups, about 25 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper; set aside. Brush each lamb rack with some of reserved lamb fat. Sprinkle each rack with salt and pepper; rub each with 1 tablespoon spice rub. Place on rimmed baking sheet. Let stand at room temperature 2 hours. Sauce and lamb can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Bring lamb to room temperature before continuing.) Preheat oven to 400°F Heat large skillet over high heat. Sear 1 lamb rack on all sides until brown, about 8 minutes. Return to baking sheet. Repeat with remaining lamb racks. Roast lamb until thermometer inserted into center registers 125°F for rare, about 25 minutes. Rewarm sauce. Cut lamb between bones into chops. Divide lamb among 6 plates. Spoon sauce over lamb. Spice-Crusted Rack of Lamb has 1552.0 calories. Spice-Crusted Rack of Lamb has 73.0 grams of protein. Spice-Crusted Rack of Lamb has 134.0 grams of fat. Spice-Crusted Rack of Lamb has 348.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spice-Crusted Rack of Lamb are 2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds, 4 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 12 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 3/4 teaspoon cardamom seeds (from whole green pods), 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds meaty lamb neck bones, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 cup chopped onion, 8 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger, 3 small bay leaves, crumbled, 2 large plum tomatoes, chopped, 5 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint, 3 1 1/4-pound lamb racks.A small coffee or spice mill makes grinding the whole spices very easy. Serve the lamb with the Indian Ratatouille and basmati rice. Pour a spicy red wine such as Syrah or Zinfandel.  Lamb Tomato Roast Mint Winter Party Coriander Bon Appétit.