Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots recipe.  Arrange carrots on large rimmed baking sheet. Whisk 2 tablespoons water and all remaining ingredients in small bowl; pour over carrots and toss to coat. Cover tightly with heavy-duty foil. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Toss to coat before continuing. Preheat oven to 400°F. Roast carrot mixture covered until just tender, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, arrange pork tenderloins on another rimmed baking sheet. Stir oregano, cumin, chile powder, smoked paprika, and 1 teaspoon coarse salt in small bowl; rub mixture all over tenderloins. Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork to skillet and cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Return to rimmed baking sheet. Remove foil from carrots. Nestle pork among carrots on baking sheet, arranging carrots in single layer around pork. Roast uncovered until instant-read thermometer inserted into center of pork registers 145°F, stirring carrots occasionally if beginning to caramelize, about 18 minutes. Let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer pork to work surface. Cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Arrange carrots on platter. Top with pork slices, drizzling any pan juices over. Available in the spice section of many supermarkets and at Latin markets. ** Sometimes labeled Pimentón Dulce or Pimentón de La Vera Dulce; available at some supermarkets, at specialty foods stores, and from tienda.com. Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots has 121.0 calories. Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots has 7.0 grams of protein. Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots has 8.0 grams of fat. Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots has 751.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin With Roasted Baby Carrots are 2 pounds baby carrots, peeled, trimmed, leaving 1/2 inch of green tops attached, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, diced, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 small jalapeño (preferably red), seeded, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon ancho chile powder*, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 2 1-to 1 1/4-pound pork tenderloins, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika**, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil.Pork tenderloin goes perfectly with sweet baby carrots. The bags of machine-cut "baby" carrots contain too much moisture and won’t roast nicely. Instead, use true baby carrots or larger carrots cut into long, slender fingers about the size of young carrots.  Roast Low Cal High Fiber Father's Day Dinner Pork Tenderloin Carrot Spring Healthy Jalapeño Cumin Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.