Spicy Asian Noodle and Chicken Salad recipe.  Combine peanut butter, soy sauce, rice vinegar, chili-garlic sauce, brown sugar, ginger, and 3 tablespoons broth in processor; blend until smooth. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta; rinse with cold water to cool and drain again. Transfer pasta to large bowl. Add chicken, carrots, green onions, bell pepper, and cilantro; toss to blend. Pour dressing over and toss to coat, adding more broth by tablespoonfuls if dressing is too thick. Season salad to taste with salt and pepper. Spicy Asian Noodle and Chicken Salad has 371.0 calories. Spicy Asian Noodle and Chicken Salad has 27.0 grams of protein. Spicy Asian Noodle and Chicken Salad has 11.0 grams of fat. Spicy Asian Noodle and Chicken Salad has 517.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Asian Noodle and Chicken Salad are 1/3 cup creamy peanut butter (do not use old-fashioned style or freshly ground), 1/4 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons chili-garlic sauce, 1 tablespoon (packed) golden brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons (or more) low-salt chicken broth, 3/4 pound linguine or dried chow mein udon noodles, 4 cups thinly sliced cooked chicken, cut into strips, 2 large carrots, coarsely grated (about 1 1/4 cups), 6 green onions, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips, 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves.Pam Norby of Amery, Wisconsin, writes: "I'm originally from California, but my husband and I moved to Wisconsin so we could live in the country. We raise animals and grow most of our own fruits and vegetables. I like being able to just walk outside and pick fresh ingredients that don't take a lot of time to prepare. Serious grocery shopping is a long drive away, but thanks to the Internet, I can order just about any specialty food I want.".  Salad Food Processor Chicken Ginger Pasta Vegetable Quick & Easy Lunch Buffet Peanut Cilantro Soy Sauce Bon Appétit Wisconsin Tree Nut Free.