Spicy Shrimp and Coconut Noodle Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms recipe. Place all ingredients in blender. Process until paste forms. Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to small bowl, cover, and chill. Heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add shrimp shells and cook until pink, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Add spice paste and half of onion; sauté until dry, about 3 minutes. Add fish sauce and sugar; stir until liquid is syrupy, about 2 minutes. Add coconut milk, broth, and mushroom stems. Bring just to boil, then reduce to medium-low, cover, and simmer 30 minutes. Strain soup into large pot, pressing on solids in strainer. Discard solids. Meanwhile, place rice noodles in large heat-resistant bowl. Pour simmering water over to cover noodles; let stand at least 20 minutes to soften, stirring occasionally noodles can stand in water up to 2 hours). Heat remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add remaining onion and garlic; sauté until brown, stirring frequently, about 13 minutes. Add sesame oil, then sliced mushroom caps. Sauté until mushrooms are soft, about 4 minutes. Bring soup to simmer. Add mushroom mixture, shrimp, peanuts, and lime juice to soup. Simmer until shrimp is opaque, about 2 minutes. Drain noodles; divide among 6 bowls. Ladle soup over noodles, dividing equally. Sprinkle soup with green onions and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges. Spicy Shrimp and Coconut Noodle Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms has 678.0 calories. Spicy Shrimp and Coconut Noodle Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms has 15.0 grams of protein. Spicy Shrimp and Coconut Noodle Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms has 48.0 grams of fat. Spicy Shrimp and Coconut Noodle Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms has 755.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Shrimp and Coconut Noodle Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms are 1/3 cup coarsely chopped peeled fresh ginger, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons water, 3 kaffir lime leaves, 1 fresh lemongrass stalk, tough outer leaves removed, 4 inches of thick end thinly sliced, 1/2 to 1 small whole dried red chile (such as chile de árbol), 3 tablespoons peanut oil, divided, 24 large uncooked shrimp, peeled, deveined, cut in half lengthwise, shells reserved, 1 large red onion, halved through core, thinly sliced, divided, 2 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam), 1 rounded tablespoon chopped palm sugar or dark brown sugar, 4 cups canned unsweetened coconut milk, 2 1/2 cups vegetable broth, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, stems reserved, caps sliced, 9 ounces dried flat rice noodles, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil (such as Asian), 1/2 cup skinless peanuts, toasted, coarsely chopped, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 1/2 cup thinly sliced green onions, 1/3 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, cut into 6 wedges.For subtle spice in this Asian-inspired soup, use half a red chile; add a whole chile for a good punch of heat.  Soup Stew Mushroom Shellfish Sauté Quick & Easy Coconut Shrimp Spring Noodle Simmer Bon Appétit.