Spicy Shrimp and Bell Pepper Stew with Cumin and Oregano recipe. Toss shrimp, fresh lime juice, 1/3 of garlic, 1/4 teaspoon oregano and 1/4 teaspoon cumin in medium bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Refrigerate at least 15 minutes and up to 4 hours. Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions, all bell peppers, 2 tablespoons parsley, dried red pepper, bay leaf, remaining garlic, 1/2 teaspoon cumin and 1/2 teaspoon oregano. Sauté until onions are beginning to brown, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato paste and sauté 1 minute. Stir in wine and 1/4 cup water; simmer until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add shrimp and simmer until opaque in center, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Season stew to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to platter and sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons parsley. Spicy Shrimp and Bell Pepper Stew with Cumin and Oregano has 220.0 calories. Spicy Shrimp and Bell Pepper Stew with Cumin and Oregano has 18.0 grams of protein. Spicy Shrimp and Bell Pepper Stew with Cumin and Oregano has 8.0 grams of fat. Spicy Shrimp and Bell Pepper Stew with Cumin and Oregano has 879.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Shrimp and Bell Pepper Stew with Cumin and Oregano are 1 1/2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano, 3/4 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups chopped onions, 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips (about 1/2 cup), 1/2 green bell pepper, cut into matchstick-size strips (about 1/2 cup), 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2/3 cup tomato paste, 1 1/3 cups dry white wine, 1/4 cup water.Cubans call this delicious stew enchilado, and while that might sound a lot like enchilada, the two dishes are nothing alike.  Soup Stew Shellfish Tomato Marinate Sauté Shrimp Bell Pepper White Wine Oregano Bon Appétit.