Spicy Beef and Sweet-Potato Stir-Fry recipe.  Thinly slice onion and garlic. Peel sweet potatoes and cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch -thick slices. Diagonally cut potato slices into thin strips and diagonally halve snow peas. Cut water chestnuts crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices and season with salt and pepper. Diagonally cut scallions into thin slices. In a small bowl stir together broth, hoisin sauce, brandy, and cornstarch until combined well. Heat a wok or large heavy skillet over high heat until a bead of water dropped on cooking surface evaporates immediately. Add 2 tablespoons peanut oil, swirling wok or skillet to coat evenly, and heat until hot but not smoking. Add onion and stir-fry until softened. Add garlic and stir-fry until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add sweet potatoes and stir-fry until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add snow peas and water chestnuts and stir-fry until snow peas are crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a large bowl. Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil to wok or skillet and heat unrig just smoking. Stir-fry half of beef until browned and transfer to bowl. Add remaining tablespoon peanut oil and stir-fry remaining beef in same manner, transferring to bowl. Add broth mixture to wok or skillet and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Simmer broth mixture 1 minute. Return beef-vegetable mixture with scallions to wok or skillet and stir-fry until combined and heated through. Season stir-fry with salt and pepper and stir in sesame oil. Serve stir-fry over rice, garnished with scallions. Spicy Beef and Sweet-Potato Stir-Fry has 635.0 calories. Spicy Beef and Sweet-Potato Stir-Fry has 30.0 grams of protein. Spicy Beef and Sweet-Potato Stir-Fry has 33.0 grams of fat. Spicy Beef and Sweet-Potato Stir-Fry has 451.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Beef and Sweet-Potato Stir-Fry are 1 medium red onion, 3 garlic cloves, 1 pound sweet potatoes (about 2 large), 3/4 pound snow peas, 1/2 cup drained rinsed canned whole water chestnuts (from an 8-ounce can), 1 pound boneless beef sirloin, 4 scallions, 3/4 cup chicken broth, 1/4 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 teaspoons Asian sesame oil, Accompaniment:Cooked Rice, Garnish: sliced scallions.Can be prepared in 45 minutes or less.  Beef Onion Potato Vegetable Stir-Fry Quick & Easy Fall Gourmet.