Spicy Garbanzo Bean and Turkey Sausage Soup recipe.  Heat olive oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add turkey sausage and chopped garlic and sauté until sausage is golden brown and cooked through, breaking up sausage with back of fork, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add tomatoes with their juices, sliced jalapeño chili, ground cumin and chopped fresh rosemary and simmer 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Add garbanzo beans with their liquid and chicken broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer soup 15 minutes. Stir in fresh lemon juice. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.) Ladle soup into bowls. Sprinkle soup with chopped fresh cilantro and top with sliced avocado. Serve immediately. Spicy Garbanzo Bean and Turkey Sausage Soup has 472.0 calories. Spicy Garbanzo Bean and Turkey Sausage Soup has 28.0 grams of protein. Spicy Garbanzo Bean and Turkey Sausage Soup has 16.0 grams of fat. Spicy Garbanzo Bean and Turkey Sausage Soup has 1174.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Garbanzo Bean and Turkey Sausage Soup are 1 teaspoon olive oil, 3/4 pound turkey sausage, casings removed, crumbled, 8 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup canned diced peeled tomatoes with juices, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced seeded jalapeño chili, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary or 1/2 teaspoon dried, 3 15- to 16-ounce cans garbanzo beans (chick-peas), undrained, 2 cups canned chicken broth or beef broth, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Chopped fresh cilantro, 1 avocado, peeled, sliced.Sliced or diced fresh avocado makes a colorful garnish for this hearty southwestern soup. If you want to cut up the avocado ahead of time but don't want it to discolor, simply place the avocado pieces in a colander and rinse them with cold water. They will stay bright green for about two hours.  Soup Stew Bean Tomato turkey Quick & Easy High Fiber Poultry Sausage Chickpea Winter Healthy Jalapeño Bon Appétit.