Spicy Beef with Peppers recipe. Cut steak with grain into 1 1/2- to 2-inch-wide strips. Cut each strip across grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Put slices into a medium bowl with soy sauce, cornstarch, rice wine, garlic, ginger, 1/4 teaspoon salt, sugar, and 1 teaspoon oil and stir with a fork. 3Stir together ketchup, hoisin, and chile garlic sauce in a small bowl. Heat wok over high heat until a bead of water vaporizes within 1 to 2 seconds of contact. Pour 2 teaspoons oil down side of wok, then swirl oil, tilting wok to coat sides. Add beef, spreading pieces in 1 layer on bottom and sides as quickly as possible. Cook, undisturbed, letting beef begin to brown, 1 minute, then stir-fry until meat is just browned on all sides but still pink in center, about 1 minute. Transfer meat and any juices to a plate. Pour remaining 2 teaspoons oil down side of unwashed wok over high heat, then swirl oil, tilting wok to coat sides. Add bell pepper, scallions, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Stir-fry 30 seconds, then add reserved beef with any juices and ketchup mixture. Stir-fry until combined well and sauce thickens slightly, about 30 seconds, then transfer to a platter. Spicy Beef with Peppers has 368.0 calories. Spicy Beef with Peppers has 26.0 grams of protein. Spicy Beef with Peppers has 22.0 grams of fat. Spicy Beef with Peppers has 1146.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Beef with Peppers are 1 (1/2-lb) piece flank steak, well trimmed, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 1/2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine (preferably Shaoxing) or medium-dry Sherry, 1 teaspoon finely grated peeled garlic (use a rasp grater), 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger (use a rasp grater), 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon sugar, 5 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 2 to 3 teaspoons chile garlic sauce, such as Vietnamese Tuong Ot Toi, 1 large red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips (1 1/2 cups), 2 scallions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces (1/2 cup), Special equipment: a rasp grater; a well-seasoned 14-inch flat-bottomed wok, Accompaniment: steamed white rice.Traditionally, the garlic and ginger in the marinade are minced, but Grace Young finds it easier to use a rasp grater.  Wine Wok Beef Garlic Ginger Vegetable Stir-Fry Quick & Easy Steak Bell Pepper Spring Soy Sauce Gourmet.