Spicy Black-Eyed Pea and Rice Frittata recipe.  Quick-soak black-eyed peas. In a saucepan simmer peas in water to cover until tender, about 20 minutes, and drain in a sieve. Chop onion and mince garlic. Cut bell pepper into 1/4-inch dice. In a 3-quart kettle cook onion, garlic, bell pepper, and red pepper flakes in 2 tablespoons butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened. Add rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in water and cook mixture, covered, over low heat until rice is tender and water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. While rice is cooking, coarsely shred enough zucchini to measure 3/4 cup and in a large bowl lightly beat yolk and whole egg. To egg mixture add rice mixture, peas, zucchini, coriander, salt, pepper, and Tabasco to taste, stirring until combined. In a 10-inch non-stick skillet heat remaining tablespoon butter over moderate heat until foam subsides, tilting skillet to distribute evenly. Transfer egg mixture to skillet, spreading top evenly, and cook until underside of frittata is golden and set but top is still wet, about 10 minutes. Preheat broiler while frittata is cooking. Broil frittata about 3 inches from heat until set and top of frittata is golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. With a spatula slide frittata onto a platter. Cut frittata into 6 wedges and serve with guacamole. Spicy Black-Eyed Pea and Rice Frittata has 170.0 calories. Spicy Black-Eyed Pea and Rice Frittata has 4.0 grams of protein. Spicy Black-Eyed Pea and Rice Frittata has 8.0 grams of fat. Spicy Black-Eyed Pea and Rice Frittata has 603.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Black-Eyed Pea and Rice Frittata are 3/4 cup dried black-eyed peas, 1 medium onion, 3 garlic cloves, 1 red bell pepper, 1/2 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/2 cup long-grain white rice, 2/3 cup water, 1 medium zucchini, 1 large egg yolk, 1 whole large egg, 1/4 cup chopped fresh coriander leaves, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Tabasco, Accompaniment: Guacamole. Bean Egg Herb Rice Brunch Broil High Fiber Lunch Gourmet Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.