Spiced Brown Butter Linzer Cookies recipe. Cook butter in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns, 5–8 minutes. Scrape into a large bowl; let cool. Whisk salt, baking powder, cardamom, cloves, pepper, and 3 3/4 cups flour in a medium bowl to combine. Add granulated sugar and lemon zest to butter; scrape in vanilla seeds and discard pod. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat until very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in egg, then yolks. Reduce speed to low and add dry ingredients in 3 batches, incorporating after each addition. Turn out dough onto a surface and knead until no dry spots remain. Divide in half and form into 3/4"-thick disks. Wrap in plastic and chill until firm, about 2 hours. Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 350°F. Let 1 disk of dough sit at room temperature until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Roll out on a lightly floured sheet of parchment paper, shifting often on sheet and dusting with more flour as needed to keep from sticking, until about 1/8" thick. Cut into desired shapes with cutters; transfer to parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1/2" apart. Gather scraps, reroll, and cut out more shapes. Repeat with remaining disk of dough. Make sure to cut out an even number.) Using smaller cutter, punch out cutouts in half of the cookies as desired. Chill 15 minutes, then bake, rotating sheets halfway through, until golden brown around edges, 10–12 minutes. Let cookies cool on baking sheets. Dust cutout cookies with powdered sugar. Stir jelly to smooth, turn remaining cookies over, and spread each with 3/4 tsp. jelly. Top with powdered cookies. Let sit until jam is set, 15–20 minutes. Dough can be made 1 month ahead; freeze. Cookies can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Spiced Brown Butter Linzer Cookies has 207.0 calories. Spiced Brown Butter Linzer Cookies has 2.0 grams of protein. Spiced Brown Butter Linzer Cookies has 14.0 grams of fat. Spiced Brown Butter Linzer Cookies has 117.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spiced Brown Butter Linzer Cookies are 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/4 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more, 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 large egg, room temperature, 2 large egg yolks, room temperature, Powdered sugar (for dusting), 1/2 cup red currant jelly, A 3 x 1 1/2" cookie cutter or other similarly sized shape and 1" and 1 1/2" cookie cutters.Make any kind of shape you'd like. The cookies can be rounds instead of rectangles, and you can use any smaller cutter for the cutouts.  Bon Appétit Christmas Kid-Friendly Dessert Cookies Clove Cardamom Jam or Jelly Christmas Eve Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.