Spice-Rubbed Sustainable Fish Sliders recipe. To make the slaw, put the cabbage, fennel, apple, onion, mint and pepitas in a large bowl. Put the vinegar and oil in a jar and shake together. Pour over the slaw and toss lightly. Set aside. To make the spice rub, toast the coriander seeds and cardamom pods in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Using a mortar and pestle, pound and grind together the coriander, cardamom, peppercorns, paprika, salt, garlic powder, oregano, and chile. Season the fish with the spice rub. Heat a little oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Pan-fry the fish for 5 minutes, flip and cook the other side for 5 minutes, or until cooked through. I believe slider-building is a very personal thing, so gather together your rolls, fish, tartar sauce, slaw, and tomato, and put together the slider of your dreams! Spice-Rubbed Sustainable Fish Sliders has 829.0 calories. Spice-Rubbed Sustainable Fish Sliders has 31.0 grams of protein. Spice-Rubbed Sustainable Fish Sliders has 50.0 grams of fat. Spice-Rubbed Sustainable Fish Sliders has 2310.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spice-Rubbed Sustainable Fish Sliders are 1/3 head red cabbage, coarsely grated, 1/3 fennel bulb, coarsely grated, 1 green apple, coarsely grated, 1/3 red onion, finely sliced, 1 large handful mint leaves, 1 tablespoon pepitas (pumpkin seeds), 7 fl oz (200 ml) apple cider vinegar, 2 1/2 tablespoons (50 ml) olive oil, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 cardamom pods, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground chile, 1 white fish fillet, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying, 4 fresh slider rolls, About 2 1/2 cups (600 ml) yogurt tartar sauce, 1 tomato, sliced.Sliders are simple, but perfecting them is a bit of an art. It’s all about getting the three main components—the sauce, the filling and the bread—in the right ratio. We’ve got the sauce and filling covered, so all you need to do is get some fresh bread.  HarperCollins Sandwich Fish Summer Spice.