Spicy Stir-Fried Chinese Long Beans with Peanuts recipe. Cook untrimmed beans in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer with tongs to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then drain in a colander and pat dry with paper towels. Trim beans and cut crosswise into 3/4-inch pieces. Meanwhile, pulse peanuts in a food processor until about half of peanuts are finely ground and remainder are in very large pieces do not grind to a paste). Stir together soy sauce, chiles, and salt in a small bowl. Heat wok over high heat until a bead of water dropped onto cooking surface evaporates immediately. Add oil, swirling to coat wok, then add garlic and stir-fry until garlic begins to turn pale golden, about 5 seconds. Add peanuts, and stir-fry until all of mixture is golden, about 30 seconds. Add beans, and stir-fry until hot and well coated, about 2 minutes. Remove wok from heat, then stir in soy sauce mixture and shallot, stirring until shallot has wilted. Drizzle in lime juice and season with salt, then transfer to a bowl. Serve warm or at room temperature. *Available at Asian markets. **Available at kalustyans.com. Spicy Stir-Fried Chinese Long Beans with Peanuts has 222.0 calories. Spicy Stir-Fried Chinese Long Beans with Peanuts has 9.0 grams of protein. Spicy Stir-Fried Chinese Long Beans with Peanuts has 14.0 grams of fat. Spicy Stir-Fried Chinese Long Beans with Peanuts has 453.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Stir-Fried Chinese Long Beans with Peanuts are 1 1/2 lb Chinese long beans*, 1/2 cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts (2 1/2 oz; not cocktail peanuts), 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 to 3 small fresh Thai chiles** (to taste), finely chopped, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 large shallot, halved lengthwise, then very thinly sliced crosswise (1/2 cup), 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Special equipment: a well-seasoned 14-inch flat-bottomed wok, Garnish: lime wedges.Pa-O Long Beans.  Wok Bean Side Stir-Fry Vegetarian Peanut Hot Pepper Summer Vegan Boil Gourmet Pescatarian Dairy Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.