Spicy Sweet-and-Sour Grilled Chicken recipe.  Stir together water and tomato paste in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan until smooth, then stir in remaining sauce ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring, then reduce heat and briskly simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce is reduced to 2 1/4 cups, 50 to 60 minutes. Stir frequently toward end of cooking to prevent sticking. Reserve 1 cup sauce for serving. Prepare grill for indirect-heat grilling over medium-hot charcoal medium-high heat for gas grills; see Grilling Procedure ). Pat chicken dry do not season with salt and pepper). Lightly oil grill rack and place chicken, skin side down, on area with no coals underneath over turned-off burner if using gas). Grill, covered, turning once, until chicken registers 165°F, 22 to 25 minutes. Chicken may appear pale; no cause for worry.) Brush generously all over with some of sauce, then move chicken directly over coals turned-on burners if using gas). Grill chicken, covered, turning and moving to area with no coals or heat underneath if flare-ups occur, until browned, 3 to 5 minutes more. Add more charcoal during grilling if necessary to maintain heat.) Serve chicken with reserved sauce. Spicy Sweet-and-Sour Grilled Chicken has 761.0 calories. Spicy Sweet-and-Sour Grilled Chicken has 56.0 grams of protein. Spicy Sweet-and-Sour Grilled Chicken has 41.0 grams of fat. Spicy Sweet-and-Sour Grilled Chicken has 2918.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Sweet-and-Sour Grilled Chicken are 1 cup water, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons tomato paste (from a 6-ounce can), 1 cup soy sauce, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 3/4 cup sugar, 3/4 cup minced onion (about 1 medium), 1/3 cup minced serrano or jalapeño chiles with seeds, 1/4 cup minced garlic (about 9 large cloves), 6 large chicken drumsticks (about 1 1/2 pounds), 6 large chicken thighs (about 2 pounds), trimmed of any excess fat and skin, Lime wedges for serving, Special equipment: Instant-read thermometer.There are hundreds, if not thousands, of barbecue chicken recipes out there, and we've certainly had our share, so we can say with authority that this spicy sweet-and-sour grilled chicken is the best we've had to date. It's got enough heat to titillate your taste buds, but not so much that kids will steer clear. The additions of tomato paste and soy sauce provide deep, dark, low notes that keep the sauce from squealing. In other words, it's heat with harmony.  Chicken Onion Backyard BBQ Dinner Vinegar Hot Pepper Grill Grill Barbecue Chile Pepper Gourmet Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.