Spicy Chicken Peperonata with Lime and Mint Dressing recipe.  Whisk 4 tablespoons oil, lime juice, mint, and coriander in medium bowl. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté until brown on bottom, about 5 minutes. Turn chicken over. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to platter. Return skillet to medium-high heat. Add bell peppers, poblano chile, and onion to same skillet; sprinkle vegetables with salt and pepper. Toss until tender and just beginning to color, 4 to 5 minutes. Cover and cook 1 minute. Mix in 2 tablespoons dressing. Mound vegetables atop chicken. Drizzle with remaining dressing and serve. *Often called a pasilla; available at some supermarkets and at speciality food stores and latin markets. The ingredients of Spicy Chicken Peperonata with Lime and Mint Dressing are 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves (5 to 6 ounces each), 2 bell peppers (preferably 1 red and 1 yellow), cored, seeded, sliced into 1/4-inch-wide strips, 1 large fresh poblano chile,* cored, seeded, thinly sliced, 1/2 medium red onion, thinly sliced.Peperonata—an Italian condiment usually made of sautéed tomatoes, peppers, onions, and garlic—is spiced up with a poblano chile. Here, we've added chicken breasts to turn it into a satisfying main course. Serve Italian-style, over polenta, or Mexican—style, wrapped in warm tortillas with slices of avocado and dollops of sour cream. Instead of chicken, you can also spoon the peperonata over grilled flank steak or crusty grilled bread.  Chicken Onion Tomato Sauté Quick & Easy Low Cal Dinner Lime Mint Bell Pepper Healthy Chile Pepper Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.