Spicy Sichuan Tofu (Mapo Doufu) recipe.  Grind peppercorns in grinder and set aside. Cut tofu into 3/4-inch cubes and pat dry. Heat wok over high heat until it begins to smoke, then pour oil down side and swirl to coat bottom and side. Stir-fry pork until no longer pink. Add bean sauce, black beans, and chile powder and stir-fry 1 minute. Stir in stock, soy sauce, sugar, tofu, and a pinch of salt. Simmer, gently stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together cornstarch and water until smooth. Stir cornstarch mixture into stir-fry and simmer, gently stirring occasionally, 1 minute. Stir in scallions and simmer 1 minute. Serve sprinkled with Sichuan pepper. **Serve with:**perfect steamed rice Spicy Sichuan Tofu (Mapo Doufu) has 238.0 calories. Spicy Sichuan Tofu (Mapo Doufu) has 20.0 grams of protein. Spicy Sichuan Tofu (Mapo Doufu) has 14.0 grams of fat. Spicy Sichuan Tofu (Mapo Doufu) has 473.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Sichuan Tofu (Mapo Doufu) are 1/2 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns, <a href+105622">toasted</a> and cooled, 1 (14- to 17-ounce) package tofu (not silken), rinsed, 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 5 ounce ground pork butt (not lean; 2/3 cup), 2 1/2 tablespoons toban jiang (hot bean sauce), 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed, drained, and chopped, 2 teaspoon Asian chile powder, 1 cup chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 teaspoons water, 4 scallions, chopped (1/2 cup), Equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder; a well-seasoned 14-inch flat-bottomed wok..Commonly made with minced beef or pork, this traditional Sichuan dish (literally, "pocked-face lady's tofu," said to be named for the food vendor who came up with it) is all about the bean sauce, which infuses the bean curd with a deeply nuanced spiciness. We tested the recipe with several commercial brands (be sure to get one that says "toban jiang"), and though they varied in flavor and texture, they all yielded great results. For sources for the Sichuan peppercorns, hot bean sauce, fermented black beans, and Asian chile powder.  Wok Pork Stir-Fry Quick & Easy Dinner Meat Tofu Soy Sauce Gourmet Dairy Free Tree Nut Free.