Spiced Pear Upside-Down Cake recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 10"-diameter cake pan and line bottom with a parchment paper round; flour sides of pan. Cook orange juice, 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses, 1/4 cup sugar, and remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved and mixture is slightly reduced, about 4 minutes. Add pears, cut side up, and cook undisturbed) until they begin to release their juices, about 3 minutes. Turn pears over and cook just until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Let cool slightly, then arrange pears, cut side down, in prepared pan. Return skillet to medium heat and cook liquid in skillet until thickened and syrupy, about 5 minutes, depending on juiciness of pears. Pour syrup over pears and freeze while you prepare the batter this is to allow syrup to set up—don't let it freeze solid). Pulse walnuts and remaining 1 1/2 cups flour in food processor until walnuts are finely ground. Pulse in baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cardamom. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat eggs, orange zest, and remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar in a medium bowl until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Fold in dry ingredients in 2 additions, fully incorporating before adding the next addition, then gradually mix in oil. Pour batter over pears and smooth top. Set pan on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet and bake cake until top is golden brown and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 50–60 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool in pan, 15–20 minutes. Run knife around edges of cake to loosen and invert onto rack. Remove parchment and let cake cool completely. Drizzle cake with more pomegranate molasses just before serving. Cake can be baked 1 day ahead. Store tightly covered at room temperature. Spiced Pear Upside-Down Cake has 676.0 calories. Spiced Pear Upside-Down Cake has 6.0 grams of protein. Spiced Pear Upside-Down Cake has 35.0 grams of fat. Spiced Pear Upside-Down Cake has 309.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spiced Pear Upside-Down Cake are 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for pan, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1/4 cup pomegranate molasses, plus more for serving, 1 3/4 cups sugar, divided, 4 small ripe Bosc pears (about 1 1/2 pounds), peeled, halved lengthwise, cored, 1 cup unsalted, roasted walnuts, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 cup olive oil.Make sure the cake pan you're using is at least 2" deep; the batter will rise to the very top while baking and will overflow in a shallow pan.  Cake Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Pear Pomegranate Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.