Spice-Rubbed Cornish Hens with Haroseth Stuffing and Sherry Jus recipe. Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Whisk together spices, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and oil in a small bowl. Pat hens dry and stuff cavity of each with 1/3 cup haroseth. Place hens in a large flameproof roasting pan and rub all over with spice mixture, including underneath skin of breast meat loosen skin gently with your fingers). Tuck wings underneath body, then secure legs together with a wooden pick or tie with kitchen string. Roast hens 20 minutes, then brush with pan drippings. Continue to roast, basting every 10 minutes, until juices run clear when a thigh is pierced, 25 to 30 minutes more 45 to 50 minutes total). Transfer hens to a cutting board. Straddle roasting pan across 2 burners and boil drippings, scraping up brown bits, 2 minutes. Carefully add Sherry it may ignite) and boil 2 minutes or until flames subside). Add water and boil, stirring, until sauce is slightly thickened and reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer sauce to a measuring cup and let stand 1 minute, then skim off fat or use a fat separator). Serve hens, halved if desired, with sauce on the side. Yarden Galilee
Cabernet Sauvignon '05 Spice-Rubbed Cornish Hens with Haroseth Stuffing and Sherry Jus has 793.0 calories. Spice-Rubbed Cornish Hens with Haroseth Stuffing and Sherry Jus has 54.0 grams of protein. Spice-Rubbed Cornish Hens with Haroseth Stuffing and Sherry Jus has 51.0 grams of fat. Spice-Rubbed Cornish Hens with Haroseth Stuffing and Sherry Jus has 193.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spice-Rubbed Cornish Hens with Haroseth Stuffing and Sherry Jus are 1 tablespoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 4 (1 1/4-to 1 1/2-pounds) Cornish hens, 1 1/3 cups apricot, date, and pistachio haroseth, 1 cup medium-dry Sherry, 1 cup water, Accompaniment: parsley mint salsa verde.Typically a ceremonial dish, haroseth becomes an inspired stuffing—dark and sweet—for Cornish hens seasoned seductively with allspice, cinnamon, cumin, and paprika. The tender meat and haroseth taste wonderful splashed with the rich jus (the Sherry is a nod to Spain), but we love the extra dimension added by the bright salsa verde, too.  Roast Passover Dinner Dried Fruit Date Pistachio Sherry Kosher Kosher for Passover Cinnamon Cumin Gourmet.