Spicy Tamarind Shrimp recipe. Place tamarind in metal bowl; add enough boiling water to cover. Let stand 15 minutes to soften. Drain. Press pulp through sieve, reserving 3 tablespoons strained pulp. Using scissors, cut shell of each shrimp all the way to tail end, exposing vein. Remove vein. Loosen shrimp shells but do not remove. Mix shallots and garlic in small bowl; set aside 1 tablespoon shallot mixture. Tuck remaining shallot mixture under shrimp shells. Mix 3 tablespoons tamarind, broth, fish sauce, wine, and sugar in small bowl. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add reserved 1 tablespoon shallot mixture and onion wedges and sauté 1 minute. Add shrimp and sauté 1 minute. Add tamarind mixture and sauté until shrimp are opaque in center and sauce coats shrimp thickly, about 3 minutes longer. Mix in green onions and chile. Transfer to platter. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve. *Available at Asian markets. Spicy Tamarind Shrimp has 161.0 calories. Spicy Tamarind Shrimp has 5.0 grams of protein. Spicy Tamarind Shrimp has 11.0 grams of fat. Spicy Tamarind Shrimp has 1028.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Tamarind Shrimp are 1 3-inch block tamarind with seeds,* cut into 4 pieces, 12 uncooked large shrimp, 1/3 cup chopped shallots, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1/4 cup chicken broth or water, 2 1/2 tablespoons fish sauce (nam pla or nuoc nam)*, 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry Sherry, 1 1/2 tablespoons (packed) light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1/2 small onion, cut into thin wedges, 2 green onions, cut into 2-inch lengths, 1 jalapeño chile, cut into thin rings, Chopped fresh cilantro.The best way to enjoy this Vietnamese delicacy is first to savor the sauce, shallots, and garlic tucked in and around the shells of the shrimp, then eat the succulent meat with steamed rice. Serve with ice-cold beer or a crisp Viognier or Pinot Gris.  Onion Appetizer Sauté Shrimp Jalapeño Shallot Bon Appétit Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.