Spiced Waffles with Caramelized Apples recipe. Whisk first 12 ingredients in large bowl to blend. Whisk buttermilk, honey, egg yolk, and orange peel in medium bowl to blend. Whisk buttermilk mixture into dry ingredients. Stir in melted butter. Beat egg white in another medium bowl until stiff but not dry; fold into batter. Spray 8- to 9-inch square waffle iron with nonstick spray and preheat. Pour half of batter about 1 cup) onto hot iron. Close top and cook until brown and set, about 3 minutes time will vary depending on machine). Transfer waffle to large rack placed on rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining batter. Can be made ahead. Let stand at room temperature up to 3 hours or cool completely, wrap in foil, and let stand at room temperature 1 day. Rewarm uncovered on rack on baking sheet in 350°F oven until crisp, about 5 minutes per side.) Cut waffles into squares. Divide squares among 4 plates. Top with ice cream and Caramelized Apples. Spiced Waffles with Caramelized Apples has 315.0 calories. Spiced Waffles with Caramelized Apples has 7.0 grams of protein. Spiced Waffles with Caramelized Apples has 8.0 grams of fat. Spiced Waffles with Caramelized Apples has 396.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spiced Waffles with Caramelized Apples are 2/3 cup plus 3 tablespoons all purpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons whole wheat flour, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 1/4 teaspoons ground ginger, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Large pinch of ground cloves, Large pinch of ground white pepper, 3/4 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 large egg, separated, 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, Vanilla ice cream, Caramelized Apples.Without the ice cream and served warm, these make a great brunch dish.  Cake Ginger Breakfast Brunch Dessert Side Quick & Easy Apple Winter Honey Cinnamon Clove Nutmeg Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.