Spicy Yogurt Dip with Chips and Vegetables recipe.  In a cheesecloth-lined sieve set over a bowl drain yogurt, chilled, 1 hour. Discard liquid. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and devein jalapeños, reserving 1/4 teaspoon seeds. Cut chilies into pieces and in a blender purée with reserved chili seeds, coriander, fennel, and cumin seeds, and water until smooth. Thinly slice shallots. In a skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook shallots, stirring occasionally, until golden. With a slotted spoon transfer shallots to paper towels to drain and season with salt. In oil remaining in skillet cook chili purée, stirring frequently, until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes, and cool completely. Chop separately mint, parsley, and peanuts and in a bowl stir together with yogurt, chili purée, lime zest and juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Dip may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Chill shallots separately in an airtight container. Top dip with shallots and serve with chips and vegetables. Spicy Yogurt Dip with Chips and Vegetables has 212.0 calories. Spicy Yogurt Dip with Chips and Vegetables has 7.0 grams of protein. Spicy Yogurt Dip with Chips and Vegetables has 16.0 grams of fat. Spicy Yogurt Dip with Chips and Vegetables has 58.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spicy Yogurt Dip with Chips and Vegetables are 2 cups plain yogurt, 4 fresh jalapeño chilies, 1 1/2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1/4 cup water, 2 shallots, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1/2 cup fresh mint leaves, 1/2 cup fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, 1/4 cup dry-roasted peanuts, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, potato chips, assorted raw vegetables such as cherry tomatoes, trimmed radishes, cucumber spears, celery sticks.Keep the fried shallots, dip, chips, and raw vegetables separately; just before digging in, top the dip with shallots.  Condiment Spread Blender Cocktail Party Vegetarian Quick & Easy Yogurt Lime Mint Peanut Spice Summer Jalapeño Parsley Gourmet.