Spiced Brisket with Leeks and Dried Apricots recipe. Stir first 8 ingredients in small bowl. Arrange brisket in large roasting pan; spread spice mixture evenly over both sides. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat broiler. Uncover brisket. Broil until brown, about 5 minutes per side. Turn brisket fat side up in pan. Set oven temperature to 325°F. Sprinkle leeks, onion, 12 apricots, garlic, thyme, and bay leaves around brisket. Pour wine over. Cover pan with heavy-duty foil and bake brisket until tender, about 2 1/2 hours. Uncover; cool 1 1/2 hours. Transfer brisket to work surface. Pour juices into large measuring cup. Spoon off fat, reserving 1 tablespoon. Thinly slice brisket across grain on slight diagonal; overlap slices in 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Spoon 1 cup degreased pan juices over brisket; cover with foil. Stir reserved 1 tablespoon fat and matzo cake meal in medium saucepan over medium heat 3 minutes. Add remaining degreased pan juices; add remaining 12 apricots. Simmer until sauce thickens and boils, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover brisket and sauce separately and chill.) Rewarm covered brisket in 350°F oven 30 minutes or 45 minutes if chilled. Rewarm sauce over low heat. Sprinkle brisket with cilantro and serve with sauce. Spiced Brisket with Leeks and Dried Apricots has 940.0 calories. Spiced Brisket with Leeks and Dried Apricots has 52.0 grams of protein. Spiced Brisket with Leeks and Dried Apricots has 67.0 grams of fat. Spiced Brisket with Leeks and Dried Apricots has 650.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spiced Brisket with Leeks and Dried Apricots are 2 1/2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 4 1/2- to 5 1/2-pound flat-cut (first-cut) brisket, well-trimmed, 2 medium leeks (white and pale green parts only), sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 24 whole dried apricots, divided, 10 garlic cloves, peeled, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 Turkish bay leaves, 2 cups dry red wine, 1 tablespoon matzo cake meal, Chopped fresh cilantro.You'll need to start marinating the meat at least a day ahead. It can be cooked up to 2 days in advance of serving.  Beef Garlic Broil Marinate Passover Dinner Apricot Leek Red Wine Spring Kosher Thyme Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.