Spinach Salad with Tamarind Dressing and Pappadam Croutons recipe. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet 2 inches deep) over moderate heat until thermometer registers 350°F see cooks' note, below). Fry 1 pappadam, turning over once, until blistered and pale golden, about 1 minute total. Lift pappadam from skillet with tongs, letting excess oil drip back into skillet, and transfer to paper towels to drain pappadam will crisp as it cools). Return oil to 350°F and fry remaining pappadams, 1 at a time, in same manner. Whisk together water, lime juice, honey, tamarind concentrate, and salt in a small bowl, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined. Toss spinach and cucumbers with dressing in a large bowl. Break pappadams into 1 1/2-inch pieces and add to salad just before serving, tossing gently to combine. Spinach Salad with Tamarind Dressing and Pappadam Croutons has 183.0 calories. Spinach Salad with Tamarind Dressing and Pappadam Croutons has 2.0 grams of protein. Spinach Salad with Tamarind Dressing and Pappadam Croutons has 18.0 grams of fat. Spinach Salad with Tamarind Dressing and Pappadam Croutons has 210.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spinach Salad with Tamarind Dressing and Pappadam Croutons are About 2 1/2 cups vegetable oil for frying, 4 (8-inch) plain or black pepper pappadams, 2 1/2 tablespoons warm water, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon mild honey, 1 1/4 teaspoons tamarind concentrate, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/3 cup vegetable oil, 24 cups baby spinach (15 ounces), 2 seedless cucumbers (usually plastic-wrapped; 1 1/2 lb total), quartered lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices, Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer.You may have had pappadams — light, crisp wafers made of lentil flour — at Indian restaurants. Here we use them as a stand-in for croutons.  Salad Side Fry Vegetarian Quick & Easy Lime Cucumber Spinach Healthy Honey Tamarind Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.