Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Scatter bread on a rimmed baking sheet. Toast until golden brown, tossing once, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely. DO AHEAD: Bread can be toasted 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage and cook, breaking up into small pieces with the back of a spoon, until browned and cooked through, 8-10 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate; let cool. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and fennel and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 10-12 minutes.DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 3-quart shallow baking dish. Whisk eggs to blend in a large bowl; whisk in broth. Stir in sausage, the onion-fennel mixture, spinach, salt, pepper, and fennel seeds. Add bread; toss until evenly distributed and bread has absorbed the liquid. Transfer to prepared dish; dot with remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Bake until stuffing is hot and the top is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche has 429.0 calories. Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche has 21.0 grams of protein. Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche has 26.0 grams of fat. Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche has 1225.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spinach, Fennel, and Sausage Stuffing with Toasted Brioche are 1 loaf brioche or challah (about 12 ounces), cut into 1" cubes, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casing removed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, plus more for dish, 1 yellow onion, chopped (about 1 1/2 cups), 1 medium fennel bulb, cored and coarsely chopped (about 3 cups), 4 large eggs, beaten, 2 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 2 pounds frozen spinach, thawed, well squeezed, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds.The addition of airy brioche gives this aromatic spiced stuffing a less dense texture than most holiday casseroles.  Side Bake Thanksgiving Dinner Stuffing Dressing Sausage Fennel Spinach Fall Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.