Spinach and Garlic Dip with Pita Triangles and Vegetables recipe. Heat 1 1/2 teaspoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; sauté 10 seconds. Add spinach; sauté until wilted and tender, about 2 minutes. Cool. Puree spinach and green onions in processor. Transfer to medium bowl. Mix in sour cream and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill. Preheat broiler. Slice each pita bread horizontally in half, forming 2 circles. Cut each circle into 4 triangles. Place triangles in single layer on baking sheet. Lightly brush pita triangles with 2 tablespoons oil. Sprinkle with pepper. Broil until golden, watching closely to avoid burning and moving triangles on baking sheet to brown evenly, about 2 minutes. Cool. Dip and pita triangles can be made 1 day ahead. Keep dip chilled. Store pita in airtight container.) Serve dip with pita triangles and assorted raw vegetables. Spinach and Garlic Dip with Pita Triangles and Vegetables has 192.0 calories. Spinach and Garlic Dip with Pita Triangles and Vegetables has 7.0 grams of protein. Spinach and Garlic Dip with Pita Triangles and Vegetables has 14.0 grams of fat. Spinach and Garlic Dip with Pita Triangles and Vegetables has 203.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spinach and Garlic Dip with Pita Triangles and Vegetables are 1 1/2 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 8 cups (packed) fresh spinach leaves (about 5 ounces), 1/2 cup chopped green onions, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 6-inch-diameter pita breads, Assorted raw vegetables.Fresh spinach, sauteéd in oil with garlic, is pureed with sour cream and green onions to create this delicious dip. For a picnic, transport the dip and the vegetables in a cooler, or surround them with cold packs in the picnic basket.  Condiment Spread Food Processor Garlic Leafy Green Onion Appetizer Broil Sauté Picnic Vegetarian Lemon Chill Sour Cream Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.