Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken, Mango, and Raspberries Szwarc recipe. In a bowl whisk together all dressing ingredients except oil. Add oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk until emulsified. Dressing may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.) In a shallow dish or a resealable plastic bag coat chicken with 3 tablespoons dressing. Marinate chicken, covered and chilled, 2 hours.) Heat an oiled well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and grill chicken, drained, until cooked through, about 7 minutes on each side. Transfer chicken to a platter and cool. Chicken may be made up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.) Cut chicken into 1/4-inch-thick slices and in a large bowl combine with remaining ingredients. Drizzle remaining dressing over salad and toss gently to combine well. Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken, Mango, and Raspberries Szwarc has 742.0 calories. Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken, Mango, and Raspberries Szwarc has 48.0 grams of protein. Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken, Mango, and Raspberries Szwarc has 45.0 grams of fat. Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken, Mango, and Raspberries Szwarc has 692.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken, Mango, and Raspberries Szwarc are 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar*, 1 tablespoon balsmic vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 1/2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon chili powder, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1 whole skinless boneless chicken breast (3/4 pound), halved, 1 bunch spinach (about 3/4 pound), coarse stems discarded and leaves washed well and spun dry, 1 firm-ripe mango, cut into 1/4-inch thick slices, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced thin, 2/3 cup raspberries, picked over, 4 scallions, chopped fine, 1/4 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped coarse, Available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets.. Salad Chicken Fruit Ginger Marinate Raspberry Mango Walnut Spinach Summer Grill Barbecue Gourmet New Mexico.