Spinach and Tofu Paneer recipe.  Dice the tofu into pieces about the size of a sugar cube or a little smaller. Bring 6 cups water to a boil, add 1 teaspoon salt and lower the heat to a simmer. Add the tofu, turn off the heat, and leave for 4 or 5 minutes. Pour into a colander to drain. If you've used soft tofu, remove it with a slotted spoon.) Set aside. Steam the spinach until wilted, then remove it to a cutting board and chop. When cool enough to handle, squeeze out the excess water. Put the chiles, ginger, garlic, and onion in a food processor, and process until finely chopped. Heat the ghee or butter in a nonstick skillet, add the onion mixture and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt, the cumin, nutmeg, cayenne, and 1 cup water.Simmer for 5 minutes, then return the mixture to the food processor, add the spinach, and puree. Return the mixture to the skillet, add the half-and-half and the tofu, and simmer for about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the yogurt. Serve over basmati rice. The ingredients of Spinach and Tofu Paneer are 1 carton firm or soft tofu, Salt, 1 large bunch spinach, stems discarded, leaves well washed, 1 jalapeño chile, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 serrano chile, coarsely chopped, 1-inch knob ginger, peeled and diced, 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 cup diced onion, 2 tablespoons ghee, butter, or vegetable oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg, plus a pinch, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup half-and-half, 1/3 cup yogurt.For a long time it seemed to me that there was more than a superficial resemblance between the white Indian cheese called paneer and tofu. When I finally made the classic Indian dish of spinach and paneer using tofu, it tasted amazingly at home in the cumin, ginger, and chile-laced sauce. There's a little going back and forth between the skillet and a food processor, but this is an easy dish to make. I serve it over rice with a sprinkling of toasted black sesame seeds.  Soup Stew Food Processor Garlic Ginger Onion Rice Soy Vegetable Side Vegetarian Quick & Easy Yogurt Dinner Lunch Tofu Spinach Healthy Nutmeg Butter Cumin Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added Kosher.