Spring Vegetable Fricassée with Saffron Cream recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly butter 1-quart baking dish. Cook carrots in large pot of boiling salted water 2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer carrots to bowl of ice water to cool. Using slotted spoon, transfer carrots to medium bowl. If using fresh peas, cook in same pan of boiling water 2 minutes; drain and transfer to bowl of ice water to cool. Using slotted spoon, transfer peas to small bowl. Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; sauté 1 minute. Add shallots; sauté 1 minute. Add leek and sauté until vegetables are soft, about 4 minutes longer do not brown). Stir in saffron. Add carrots, mushrooms, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Add wine and simmer until almost dry, about 3 minutes. Add broth and simmer 4 minutes. Add cream and bring to simmer. Stir in peas, asparagus, and spinach. Transfer to prepared baking dish and bake until edges are bubbling and top begins to brown, about 30 minutes. Spring Vegetable Fricassée with Saffron Cream has 759.0 calories. Spring Vegetable Fricassée with Saffron Cream has 13.0 grams of protein. Spring Vegetable Fricassée with Saffron Cream has 68.0 grams of fat. Spring Vegetable Fricassée with Saffron Cream has 189.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spring Vegetable Fricassée with Saffron Cream are 2 cups baby carrots (about 3 bunches) tops removed, scrubbed, 1 cup fresh peas or frozen, thawed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 leek, white part only, halved, thinly sliced, 1/2 teaspoon (scant) saffron threads, 3/4 cup fresh morel mushrooms, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 2/3 cup vegetable broth, 1 1/3 cups whipping cream, 1/2 pound asparagus, trimmed, cut into thirds, 4 cups baby spinach leaves (about 3 ounces).Using multicolored carrots makes this beautiful side dish even more vibrant.  Milk Cream Mushroom Onion Side Roast Sauté Vegetarian High Fiber Saffron Asparagus Leek Spinach Pea Carrot Spring Shallot Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.