Spring Vegetable Sauté recipe. Line a baking sheet with a kitchen towel. Fill a medium bowl with water; add lemon juice. If using baby artichokes, working one at a time, cut away tough outer leaves until only pale-yellow leaves remain. Cut 1/2" off tops; trim stems. Halve artichokes lengthwise, if desired, then remove choke with a spoon. Place in lemon water as you finish. If using globe artichokes, remove stems and all leaves. Scrape out chokes with a spoon; cut each artichoke heart into 4 quarters and add to lemon water. Cook fava beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a bowl of ice water; let cool. Peel and discard outer skins; transfer to prepared baking sheet if using edamame, boil for only 1 minute; no peeling needed). Repeat cooking process with asparagus and artichokes, returning water to a boil between batches and cooling in ice water before transferring to prepared baking sheet, 3-4 minutes for asparagus and 5-6 minutes for artichokes 1-2 minutes if frozen). Heat 2 tablespoons oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat; add onion and sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high. Add vegetables and cook, stirring occasionally, just until heated through, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Transfer vegetables to a serving bowl. Drizzle with oil; garnish with mint and zest. Spring Vegetable Sauté has 287.0 calories. Spring Vegetable Sauté has 23.0 grams of protein. Spring Vegetable Sauté has 10.0 grams of fat. Spring Vegetable Sauté has 167.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Spring Vegetable Sauté are Zest and juice from 1 lemon plus more juice for seasoning, 2 pounds baby artichokes, 6 globe artichokes, or 1 pound frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 2 pounds fava beans, shelled (about 1 cup), or 1 cup frozen edamame (soybeans), thawed, Kosher salt, 1 pound asparagus (about 1 large bunch), cut on a diagonal into 2" pieces, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh mint leaves.This take on a Roman vignole showcases the best and brightest of the season's bounty.  Bean Onion Side Sauté Easter Passover Vegetarian High Fiber Artichoke Asparagus Spring Healthy Low Cholesterol Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.