Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta recipe. Cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil in a 2-quarts heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until garlic is golden, about 30 seconds. Add tomatoes, water, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 25 to 30 minutes. Stir together ricotta, yolk, mint, 1/3 cup parmesan, and 1/8 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Carefully open each blossom and fill with about 2 rounded teaspoon ricotta filling, gently twisting end of blossom to enclose filling. You may have filling left over.) Whisk together flour, remaining 1/3 cup parmesan, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and seltzer in a small bowl. Heat 1/2 inch oil to 375°F in a 10-inch heavy skillet. Meanwhile, dip half of blossoms in batter to thinly coat. Fry coated blossoms, turning once, until golden, 1 to 2 minutes total. Transfer with tongs to paper towels to drain. Coat and fry remaining blossoms. Return oil to 375°F between batches.) Season with salt. Serve with tomato sauce. Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta has 2477.0 calories. Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta has 32.0 grams of protein. Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta has 243.0 grams of fat. Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta has 425.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Squash Blossoms Stuffed With Ricotta are 1 garlic clove, minced, 1/4 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 pound plum tomatoes, finely chopped, 1/2 cup water, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup whole-milk ricotta (preferably fresh), 1 large egg yolk, 1/4 cup finely chopped mint, 2/3 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, divided, 12 to 16 large zucchini squash blossoms, 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 3/4 cup chilled seltzer or club soda, About 3 cups vegetable oil for frying, A deep-fat thermometer.Talk about flower power. As every gardener knows, late summer brings a bumper crop of zucchini and, better yet, of zucchini blossoms—known in Italy as fiori di zucca. Here, the tender yellow-orange blooms are filled with ricotta, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and mint, then batter-fried. Served alongside an easy tomato sauce (dip as you like), they make an irresistible first course or, with the addition of a green salad, a satisfying main.  Tomato Quick & Easy Dinner Parmesan Ricotta Mint Summer Deep-Fry Gourmet Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.