Steamed Catfish in Banana Leaves recipe.  Unfold banana leaves. Cut off and reserve tough center rib that runs along bottom edge of each leaf with kitchen shears. Cut ribs into 12-inch strips you'll need 8) for tying packets. Gently cut leaves into 8 10-inch) squares with shears, being careful not to split them you may want to cut a few extra in case some split while folding). Gently wash banana leaf squares in a large pan of water, then pat dry. Heat oil in wok over moderate heat until warm, about 30 seconds, then cook curry paste, stirring constantly, until very fragrant and a shade darker, 1 to 2 minutes. Add stock and fish sauce and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring. Add fish and rice powder and stir-fry until outside of fish just turns white, 1 to 2 minutes, then transfer mixture to a bowl. Put a banana leaf square on a work surface, then put 1/3 cup fish curry in center of square and sprinkle with some of sliced Kaffir lime leaves. Fold 2 sides of banana leaf over fish to enclose it be careful not to split leaf), then fold in opposite sides to form a packet. Tie packet with a strip of banana leaf rib and transfer to heatproof plate. Assemble 7 more packets in same manner, arranging in 1 layer on plate. Bring 1 inch water to a boil in wok fitted with steamer rack. Transfer plate with packets to steamer rack carefully and steam, covered with lid, 5 minutes. Serve packets warm or at room temperature. Steamed Catfish in Banana Leaves has 203.0 calories. Steamed Catfish in Banana Leaves has 14.0 grams of protein. Steamed Catfish in Banana Leaves has 11.0 grams of fat. Steamed Catfish in Banana Leaves has 480.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Steamed Catfish in Banana Leaves are 1 lb banana leaves, thawed if frozen (see cooks' note, below), 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons Thai red curry paste, 3 tablespoons Thai chicken stock or canned chicken broth, 2 tablespoons nam pla (Asian fish sauce; preferably Thai), 1 1/2 lb catfish fillets, cut into 1-inch cubes, 1 1/2 tablespoons toasted rice powder, 3 (4-inch-long) fresh or frozen Kaffir lime leaves (sometimes called bai makroot), very thinly sliced, Special equipment: a large (6-qt) wok with lid; a heatproof plate (just small enough to fit inside steamer rack); a large steamer rack.Hor Neung Pla Duk.  Wok Fish Steam Gourmet.