Steak, Tomato, and Okra Kebabs recipe.  Whisk together shallot, vinegar, mustard, sugar, 1 tsp salt, and 3/4 tsp pepper. Add 1/2 cup oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Toss steak with 1/2 tsp salt, then marinate in a sealed bag with 6 Tbsp vinaigrette, chilled, turning bag occasionally, at least 2 hours. Chill remaining vinaigrette. Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal medium-high heat for gas). Meanwhile, toss tomatoes and okra with remaining 3 Tbsp oil and 1/4 tsp salt. Thread tomatoes onto 3 or 4 skewers. Thread okra crosswise onto pairs of parallel skewers, leaving small spaces between pieces. Put on a tray. Thread steak onto remaining skewers, leaving small spaces between pieces discard marinade). Put on another tray. Oil grill rack, then grill steak skewers, covered only if using a gas grill, turning once, about 5 minutes total for medium-rare about 8 minutes if using steak tips). Transfer to a platter. Drizzle with some of remaining vinaigrette while hot and let stand 5 minutes. Grill tomato and okra skewers, covered only if using a gas grill, turning occasionally, until tomatoes just begin to wilt and okra is tender, 8 to 10 minutes total. Transfer to platter with steak and serve with any remaining reserved vinaigrette. The ingredients of Steak, Tomato, and Okra Kebabs are 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 2 pounds (1/2-inch-thick) boneless chuck blade steaks (sometimes called chicken steaks) or steak tips, gristle trimmed if necessary and meat cut into 2-inch pieces, 1 pound small tomatoes such as Campari or Baby Roma (about 2 inches wide), 3/4 pound okra, trimmed, leaving tops intact, 16 (12-inch) metal skewers.Food editor Melissa Roberts owes the inspiration for this recipe to her brother in Boston, Jeff, whose signature summer dish is grilled sirloin tips marinated in bottled Italian dressing. Melissa marinates the steak in a homemade, full-flavored red-wine vinaigrette before grilling it alongside skewers of juicy tomatoes and okra.  Beef Tomato Marinate Backyard BBQ Dinner Vinegar Steak Summer Grill Grill Barbecue Okra Shallot Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.