Stir-Fried Grains with Shrimp and Eggs recipe. Combine shallots, star anise, if using, chile de árbol, and 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large wok or skillet and cook over medium-high heat, stirring often, until shallots are golden, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a paper towel–lined plate; discard star anise and red chile. Season shallots with salt. Increase heat to high; cook shrimp, garlic, and ginger in wok, tossing, until shrimp are cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer to another plate. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in wok; add grains, pressing evenly against bottom and sides of wok. Cook until grains crackle, about 1 minute; toss and press against pan again. Cook until lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add shrimp, soy sauce, vinegar, and sesame oil. Cook, tossing, until liquid is absorbed, about 1 minute. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Fry eggs until whites are set but yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Top grains with eggs, crispy shallots, red chile, and herbs. Stir-Fried Grains with Shrimp and Eggs has 744.0 calories. Stir-Fried Grains with Shrimp and Eggs has 33.0 grams of protein. Stir-Fried Grains with Shrimp and Eggs has 30.0 grams of fat. Stir-Fried Grains with Shrimp and Eggs has 777.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Stir-Fried Grains with Shrimp and Eggs are 4 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 star anise pods (optional), 1/2 dried chile de árbol or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, Kosher salt, 12 ounces deveined peeled rock shrimp, or large shrimp, cut into 3/4" pieces, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger, 2 1/3–3 cups cooked grains (such as sorghum, semi-pearled farro, or barley), 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 4 large eggs, 1 red chile, with seeds, thinly sliced into rounds, 1 cup fresh cilantro, basil, and/or mint leaves.Make extra grains on Sunday and use them for this lightning-quick weeknight dinner.  Egg Shellfish Stir-Fry Dinner Seafood Shrimp Hot Pepper Chile Pepper Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free No Sugar Added.