Stir-Fried Noodles with Fresh and Baked Tofu recipe. Mix the sauce ingredients together and set aside. Bring a pot of water to boil for the noodles and tofu. Reduce it to a simmer, add the cubed tofu and simmer gently for 4 minutes. Lift out the tofu with a strainer and set aside. Return the water to a boil, add the noodles and cook until tender-firm, following the package directions. Drain and rinse under cold water. Toss with 1 tablespoon of the oil and set aside. Set a wok or skillet over high heat. Add the remaining oil, swirl it around. When hot, add the ginger, garlic, chile, and baked tofu. Stir-fry around. When hot, add the ginger, garlic, chile, and baked tofu. Stir-fry for 1 minute, then add onion, mushrooms, broccoli, bell pepper, and carrots. Season with a few pinches of salt and stir-fry, rapidly tossing the vegetables in their pan, for 3 minutes. Now add the snow peas, scallions, and boiled tofu. Stir-fry for 1 minute more, then add the noodles and the sauce. Reduce the heat, toss so that everything is evenly mingled, then cover and cook until the noodles are heated through, a matter of just a few minutes. Turn onto a large platter and garnish with sprigs of cilantro. The ingredients of Stir-Fried Noodles with Fresh and Baked Tofu are 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons tamari, 3 tablespoons hoisin or oyster sauce, 1/4 cup stock or water, 1 tablespoon rice wine or sherry, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro plus long, pretty sprigs for garnish, One 8- to 10-ounce package Chinese wide-cut egg noodles, 1 carton firm tofu, drained and cut into large cubes, 2 1/2 tablespoons roasted peanut oil, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 jalapeño chile, seeded and diced, 2 chunks baked tofu, thinly sliced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 6 shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, thinly sliced, 1 large broccoli, the head cut into florets, the stem peeled and sliced, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, cut into narrow strips, then halved, 2 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced, Salt, 4 ounces snow peas, trimmed, 1 bunch scallions, including the firm greens, cut into 1-inch lengths.You'll need a big wok or two skillets to hold this large stir-fry. Here's a recipe where you can put that very dense, baked tofu to good use. Choose tofu that's been flavored with star anise or five-spice powder, available in natural food stores. It has an entirely different texture than fresh—it's quite meaty, actually. I find it tastes best if you slice it thinly and stir-fry it with the ginger and garlic.  Wok Stir-Fry Dinner Tofu Broccoli Bell Pepper Noodle Dairy Free Tree Nut Free.