Strawberry Shortcakes with Mint and Whipped Cream recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Blend flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter. Using on/off turns, process until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1 cup cream and orange peel. Process just until moist clumps form. Gather dough into ball; gently knead 5 turns. Roll out dough on floured surface to 3/4-inch-thick round. Using 3-inch-diameter cutter, cut out 3 rounds. Gather dough and reroll as needed to make 3 more 3-inch rounds. Arrange rounds on prepared sheet. Brush with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake biscuits until pale golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool 15 minutes. Can be made 2 hours ahead.) Combine berries, 1/2 cup sugar, mint, and orange peel in medium bowl; stir to blend. Let stand at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Combine cream, vanilla, and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar in large bowl. Whisk until soft peaks form. Cut biscuits horizontally in half. Place 1 biscuit bottom in each of 6 bowls. Top each with berries, then sweetened whipped cream and biscuit top. Strawberry Shortcakes with Mint and Whipped Cream has 959.0 calories. Strawberry Shortcakes with Mint and Whipped Cream has 10.0 grams of protein. Strawberry Shortcakes with Mint and Whipped Cream has 74.0 grams of fat. Strawberry Shortcakes with Mint and Whipped Cream has 337.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Strawberry Shortcakes with Mint and Whipped Cream are 1 3/4 cups all purpose flour, 5 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, 3 1-pint baskets strawberries, hulled, sliced, 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh mint, 1/2 teaspoon grated orange peel, 1 cup chilled whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Cake Milk Cream Dessert Bake Strawberry Mint Spring Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.