Strawberry and Blueberry Summer Pudding recipe. Place strawberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt in large bowl. Mash to coarse purée. Stir blueberries and 4 tablespoons sugar in large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and berries release juices, about 7 minutes. Increase heat; boil until mixture thickens slightly, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; add strawberry mixture. Line 6-cup bowl with 3 sheets plastic wrap, leaving 6-inch overhang. Generously butter 1 side of bread slices. Line bowl with bread, buttered side up, cutting pieces to cover bowl completely. Pour berry mixture into bread-lined bowl. Top with remaining bread, buttered side down, cutting pieces to cover completely. Fold plastic wrap over bread. Place plate slightly smaller than top of bowl atop pudding. Weigh down plate with 4 pounds of canned goods or dried beans and chill at least 12 hours and up to 36 hours. Beat cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla in large bowl until peaks form. Remove weights and plate from pudding. Open plastic wrap. Place large plate atop bowl and invert pudding. Remove bowl, then plastic. Spoon pudding onto plates. Serve with whipped cream. Strawberry and Blueberry Summer Pudding has 376.0 calories. Strawberry and Blueberry Summer Pudding has 7.0 grams of protein. Strawberry and Blueberry Summer Pudding has 17.0 grams of fat. Strawberry and Blueberry Summer Pudding has 270.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Strawberry and Blueberry Summer Pudding are 2 pounds strawberries, hulled, sliced (about 2 3/4 cups), 6 tablespoons sugar, divided, Pinch of salt, 1 pound blueberries (generous 3 cups), 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 slices firm-textured white bread (such as Pepperidge Farm Original), crusts removed, 2 cups chilled whipping cream, 1/4 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.A simple, traditional British dessert that combines fresh berries, buttered bread, and a little sugar — and it couldn't be more delicious. Start the recipe at least 12 hours ahead.  Milk Cream Berry Dairy Fruit Dessert Freeze Chill Blueberry Strawberry Vanilla Chill Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.