Strawberry-Almond Cornmeal Cake recipe.  Pulse almonds in a food processor until about the size of grains of rice. Add strawberries and pulse to a coarse powder. Add flour, sugar, and salt and pulse just to blend. Add butter and process until no dry spots remain. Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat pan with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, break up almond paste in a large bowl until crumbly. Add sugar and butter and mix until blended, about 2 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well to incorporate after each addition. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until mixture is light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low and mix in dry ingredients. Scrape batter into pan; scatter strawberries over top, followed by clumps of crumble. Bake cake until top is golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 80–90 minutes. Let cool in pan before unmolding. Dust with powdered sugar just before serving. Cake can be baked 2 days ahead. Store tightly wrapped at room temperature. Strawberry-Almond Cornmeal Cake has 479.0 calories. Strawberry-Almond Cornmeal Cake has 7.0 grams of protein. Strawberry-Almond Cornmeal Cake has 27.0 grams of fat. Strawberry-Almond Cornmeal Cake has 188.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Strawberry-Almond Cornmeal Cake are 1/2 cup raw skin-on almonds, 2 ounces freeze-dried strawberries, 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1/3 cup cornmeal, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 ounces almond paste, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 large eggs, 1 pound strawberries, hulled, half halved, half quartered, Powdered sugar (for serving), A 9" springform pan.Equal parts fruit crumble and coffee cake, this not-too-sweet dessert starts out bright pink but bakes to a toasty golden brown.  Cake Dessert Kid-Friendly Strawberry Almond Spring Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.