Striped Bass with Swiss Chard, Chestnuts, and Pomegranate Vinaigrette recipe.  Heat 3 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle both sides of fish fillets with salt and pepper; add to skillet and cook until golden, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer fish to platter; tent with foil to keep warm. Add chard, chestnuts, wine, and clam juice to skillet; cook until chard is just wilted, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, place chard mixture atop fish; tent with foil. Boil juices in skillet to reduce slightly, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; add pomegranate molasses, vinegar, mustard, and shallot. Slowly whisk in remaining 4 tablespoons oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Spoon over fish and serve. *To prepare fresh chestnuts, start with heavy, glossy nuts with firm, smooth shells. Cut a small cross on one side of each shell to let steam escape as the nuts roast and to make them easier to peel afterward. Place chestnuts in a shallow roasting pan; sprinkle with water. Roast in 400°F oven for 25 to 20 minutes. Wrap hot chestnuts in towl and squeeze to crush the shells. Keep nuts wrapped for 5 minutes before removing the hard outer shell and the brown skin inside, being wary of burning your fingers. One pound of fresh chestnuts equals about two cups when shelled. **Available at some supermarkets and Middle Eastern markets, and by mail from Adriana's Caravan adrianascaravan.com). Striped Bass with Swiss Chard, Chestnuts, and Pomegranate Vinaigrette has 497.0 calories. Striped Bass with Swiss Chard, Chestnuts, and Pomegranate Vinaigrette has 28.0 grams of protein. Striped Bass with Swiss Chard, Chestnuts, and Pomegranate Vinaigrette has 27.0 grams of fat. Striped Bass with Swiss Chard, Chestnuts, and Pomegranate Vinaigrette has 286.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Striped Bass with Swiss Chard, Chestnuts, and Pomegranate Vinaigrette are 7 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 5-ounce striped bass fillets, 2 cups (packed) thinly sliced Swiss chard, 1 cup peeled roasted chestnuts*, or jarred chestnuts, chopped, 1/3 cup dry white wine, 1/3 cup bottled clam juice, 3 tablespoons pomegranate molasses**, 1 tablespoon Sherry wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 large shallot, minced.The warm vinaigrette is a pan sauce that comes together in minutes.  Fish Mustard Nut Sauté Christmas Bass White Wine Fall Winter Chestnut Chard Molasses Bon Appétit.