Stuffing Fried Rice recipe.  Break rice apart with your hands or a spoon so grains are individual and not in clumps. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add egg and cook, breaking up with chopsticks or a rubber spatula, just until it is in small clumps and mostly set, about 1 minute. Add rice, toss to distribute egg, and cook, undisturbed, drizzling 1 Tbsp. oil around edge of pan, until rice begins to crisp, about 3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup chives and 1/2 tsp. coriander to rice and cook, tossing occasionally, until rice is heated through and crisp in spots, about 4 minutes. Add mushroom soy sauce and toss to combine; taste and adjust seasoning with more soy sauce if needed. Transfer fried rice to a plate. Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in same skillet over medium. Cook stuffing, turning occasionally, until golden brown all over, about 5 minutes. Add kale and mushrooms and cook, tossing gently, just until vegetables are softened, about 5 minutes. Return fried rice to skillet and toss to combine. Serve topped with more chives and coriander. Rice can be cooked but not fried) 3 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Stuffing Fried Rice has 795.0 calories. Stuffing Fried Rice has 16.0 grams of protein. Stuffing Fried Rice has 26.0 grams of fat. Stuffing Fried Rice has 983.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Stuffing Fried Rice are 4 cups cooled cooked short-grain white rice (from 1 1/2 cups uncooked rice), 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 1 large egg, 1/4 cup sliced garlic chives or regular chives, plus more for serving, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons (or more) mushroom soy sauce or 1 tablespoon regular soy sauce, 8 cups (2-inch) cubes stuffing, 1 bunch small Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, leaves torn, 1 (3.5-ounce) package honshimeji or oyster mushrooms, torn into bite-size pieces.For this carb-on-carb fried rice recipe, you can use anything but boxed stuffing (the texture is too fine and will turn to mush). We chose a cornbread and chorizo stuffing, which can handle being cooked again and tossed in the stir-fry.  Bon Appétit Thanksgiving Side leftovers Dinner Rice Stuffing Dressing Chive Coriander Kale Mushroom.