Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes recipe. Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and add lightly salted water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the potatoes are tender about 30 minutes. Drain and let stand until cool enough to handle. Peel the potatoes and place in a medium bowl. Mash the potatoes, leaving them a bit lumpy Make a lengthwise cut in each chile and remove the seeds. Combine the mashed potatoes, avocados, olive oil, and ground peppercorns in a medium bowl and season with the salt. Stuff the chiles with the potato mixture. Place in a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. To roast the garlic: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350°F. Bring the garlic and milk to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, then boil for 3 minutes, taking care that the milk does not boil over. Drain the garlic in a sieve, discarding the milk. In a small bowl, toss the garlic cloves in the olive oil. Spread the garlic in a single layer on a baking sheet and cover with aluminum foil. Roast until tender and golden, about 20 minutes. Set aside. To make the marinade: Bring the water and piloncillo or brown sugar to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Boil, stirring often, until the sugar is dissolved and the water is reduced to 1 cup, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until it begins to soften, about 1 minute. Add the sugar water, vinegar, oregano, peppercorns, cloves, allspice, and bay leaves and bring to a simmer do not boil). Remove from the heat, add the roasted garlic, and let cool completely. Pour the marinade over the chiles, cover, and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or up to 12 hours. To serve, remove the chiles from the refrigerator and let come to room temperature. Place a single chile on each plate, along with some of the marinade, including some of the onion and garlic cloves. Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes has 479.0 calories. Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes has 6.0 grams of protein. Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes has 33.0 grams of fat. Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes has 56.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Stuffed Poblano Chiles with Avocado and Potatoes are 2 unpeeled baking potatoes, scrubbed, 6 poblano chiles, roasted and peeled, 3 avocados, peeled, pitted, and coarsely mashed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 tablespoon black peppercorns, freshly ground, Fine sea salt to taste, 18 plump garlic cloves, 1 cup skim milk, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 1/2 cups water, 3 small cones piloncillo (Mexican raw sugar), crushed with a meat mallet, or 6 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, halved, peeled, and thinly sliced, 2 cups cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 8 cloves, 6 allspice berries, 4 bay leaves.Poblanos Rellenos con Papas y Aguacate.  Garlic Potato Vegetable Roast Vegetarian Cinco de Mayo Avocado Root Vegetable Poblano.