Stuffed Sliders Your Way recipe.  Gently combine meat, eggs, cheese, parsley, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper with your hands. Do not overmix). Form scant 1/4 cupfuls of meat mixture into about 30 meatballs. Push a cheese cube into center of each ball and encase meat around cheese, then slightly flatten each ball to a 2-inch diameter. Preheat broiler. Put half of sliders on an oiled rack of a broiler pan and broil, turning over once, until just cooked through no longer pink), 4 to 8 minutes total. Repeat with remaining sliders. For easy entertaining, go with a gas grill. Preheat all burners on high, covered, 10 minutes, then adjust heat to medium-high. Grill sliders, in batches if necessary, turning once, until just cooked through, 4 to 8 minutes total. Make sliders with toppings and rolls. The ingredients of Stuffed Sliders Your Way are 3 pounds ground beef, turkey, lamb, or pork, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley (or other fresh herbs; see Cooks' Notes), 2 small garlic cloves, crushed with a garlic press, 6 ounces Cheddar, feta, Saga blue cheese, Gouda, Pepper Jack, or whatever cheese you're partial to, chilled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 30 (2-inch; a.k.a. party size) soft rolls, such as potato and brioche, or mini pitas, lettuce, sliced tomatoes, coleslaw, pickles, sliced raw onion and/or sautéed golden brown onions (see Cooks' Notes), ketchup, barbecue sauce, and garlic yogurt sauce (see Cooks' Notes).Treat this recipe as a basic template from which to have a blast mixing and matching different meats with different cheeses. The Parmesan is a must and not an option to switch out; it's the magic ingredient that will make the meat more savory and any cheese you stuff in your slider taste cheesier.
The recipe can be halved or doubled easily, so if there are a lot of kids in your crowd, you might want to cut back on the number you make. If a bunch of your drinking buddies are on their way over, however, you'll likely want to do 1 1/2 times the recipe, or even double it.
We've given you suggestions for toppers and meat-and-cheese combinations, but those are just ideas to get your imagination going. If the weather is cooperative, fire up your grill, but if you are grill-less, the broiler does a fine job. Any which way you do it, you can't help but have fun!.  Sandwich Cheese Appetizer Broil Super Bowl Kid-Friendly Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Meat Tailgating Poker Game Night Grill Barbecue Party Gourmet Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.