Summer Rolls with Baked Tofu and Sweet-and-Savory Dipping Sauce recipe.  Soak noodles in a medium bowl of boiling-hot water 10 minutes. Meanwhile, blanch carrot in boiling water until softened, about 45 seconds. Drain. Rinse under cold water to stop cooking, then transfer to a small bowl along with cucumber, jalapeño, vinegar, sugar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Let stand 5 minutes. Reserve 2 tablespoons liquid and drain pickled vegetables. Drain noodles and rinse under cold water, then drain and pat dry. Toss noodles with remaining 3/4 teaspoon lime juice and snip with kitchen shears 5 or 6 times. Fill a shallow pan or pie plate with warm water. Soak 2 rice-paper rounds until they begin to soften, about 30 seconds, then let excess water drip off and stack soaked rounds on a work surface so that they overlap by all but 1 inch on either side. Put 2 pieces of romaine on bottom third of round. Top with one eighth of noodles about 2 tablespoons), tofu 4 sticks), bean sprouts about 2 tablespoons), herbs 3 tablespoons), and pickled vegetables 3 tablespoons). Roll up tightly around filling, folding in sides. Make 7 more rolls in same manner. Stir together hoisin sauce, peanut butter, water, and reserved 2 tablespoons pickling liquid. Serve rolls with dipping sauce. Summer Rolls with Baked Tofu and Sweet-and-Savory Dipping Sauce has 309.0 calories. Summer Rolls with Baked Tofu and Sweet-and-Savory Dipping Sauce has 12.0 grams of protein. Summer Rolls with Baked Tofu and Sweet-and-Savory Dipping Sauce has 5.0 grams of fat. Summer Rolls with Baked Tofu and Sweet-and-Savory Dipping Sauce has 558.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Summer Rolls with Baked Tofu and Sweet-and-Savory Dipping Sauce are 2 ounces dried bean thread noodles (cellophane noodles), 1 small carrot, cut into thin matchsticks (about 3/4 cup), 1 Kirby cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded, and cut into thin matchsticks (about 3/4 cup), 1 small fresh jalapeño, cut into thin matchsticks, 1/4 cup rice vinegar (not seasoned), 1/4 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 3/4 teaspoon fresh lime juice, divided, 16 rice-paper rounds (also called galettes de riz; about 8 inches in diameter) plus additional in case some tear, plus additional in case some tear, 4 romaine leaves, each torn into 4 pieces, 10 ounces packaged baked tofu, cut into 3- by 1/3-inch sticks, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, 1/2 cup each of torn basil, mint, and cilantro leaves (11/2 cups total), 1/3 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chunky peanut butter, 2 tablespoons water.Vietnamese-style rolls are a great addition to your summer repertoire: They require very little cooking and can be assembled at the kitchen table or out on the patio. Thanks to bean thread noodles and baked tofu, they make a substantial meal, but pickled vegetables and a trio of herbs keep each sauce-dipped bite light and cool.  Appetizer Picnic Vegetarian Quick & Easy Lunch Lime Tofu Healthy Noodle Soy Sauce Gourmet Vegan Pescatarian Dairy Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.