Sunday Frittata with Frizzled Leeks recipe.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In an ovenproof skillet, sauté the leeks in 2 tablespoons olive oil over very low heat just the hint of a sizzling sound) for about 10 to 15 minutes until crispy and golden brown. Remove from skillet and set aside. In the same ovenproof skillet, add remaining olive oil and heat for 30 seconds. Pour in whisked eggs. Adjust heat to low just above simmer), and let the eggs begin to set, undisturbed for a minute. Remove skillet from stove, and place in the top third of the oven. After 3 or 4 minutes, check to see how cooked the eggs are. They should still be slightly runny in the middle. Taking a small handful at a time, distribute the leeks over the eggs and continue to cook. After 2 more minutes, turn the oven to broil setting. Sprinkle the grated cheese over the entire surface of the eggs. Broil for 1 to 2 minutes. The frittata will puff up, and the edges should be golden brown. Season with black pepper and salt. Cut into pielike wedges, and serve. Sunday Frittata with Frizzled Leeks has 314.0 calories. Sunday Frittata with Frizzled Leeks has 18.0 grams of protein. Sunday Frittata with Frizzled Leeks has 23.0 grams of fat. Sunday Frittata with Frizzled Leeks has 344.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sunday Frittata with Frizzled Leeks are 2 leeks, halved, cut lengthwise into strips no wider than a strand of spaghetti, and very well rinsed to remove all grit, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 to 10 eggs, lightly whisked, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Freshly ground black pepper, Coarse salt to taste.I began making frittatas regularly when our family transitioned from the pancakes-or-waffles-every-weekend phase into more "grown-up" breakfasts. As in much of my cooking, I believe I first learned to make a frittata from Julia Child, in one of her books or her television shows.  Egg Breakfast Brunch Broil Sauté Parmesan Leek Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.