Sunflower Seed "Risotto" With Squash and Mushrooms recipe.  Place sunflower seeds in a medium, wide, heavy pot or Dutch oven and cover with water. Cover pot and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until al dente, 45–55 minutes. Strain seeds through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, reserving cooking liquid. Transfer 1 cup cooking liquid and 1 cup seeds to a blender; reserve remaining seeds and discard remaining liquid. Add cream and 2/3 cup Parmesan and blend until very smooth. Wipe out pot. Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in pot over medium. Add onion, half of garlic, and 4 thyme sprigs. Cook, stirring, until garlic is fragrant and onion begins to turn translucent, about 4 minutes. Add reserved sunflower seeds and cook until seeds are toasted, about 1 minute. Add broth and wine and simmer over medium heat until liquid is almost fully reduced and seeds are tender, 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until just beginning to brown, 5–7 minutes. Add mushrooms, 2 thyme sprigs, and remaining garlic and 1 Tbsp. oil and continue cooking until mushrooms and squash are tender, about 5 minutes. Season with 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper and transfer to a plate. When broth is almost completely evaporated, add blended seed mixture and cook until sauce thickens, 5-8 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs and stir in 1 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper; taste and adjust seasonings. Divide "risotto" among bowls and top with sautéed vegetables, Parmesan, pepper, and thyme sprigs. Sunflower Seed "Risotto" With Squash and Mushrooms has 593.0 calories. Sunflower Seed "Risotto" With Squash and Mushrooms has 12.0 grams of protein. Sunflower Seed "Risotto" With Squash and Mushrooms has 52.0 grams of fat. Sunflower Seed "Risotto" With Squash and Mushrooms has 46.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sunflower Seed "Risotto" With Squash and Mushrooms are 4 cups raw sunflower seeds, 2/3 cup heavy cream, 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 1 ounce), plus more for serving, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1/2 large onion, finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, divided, 6 thyme sprigs, divided, plus more for serving, 2 cups vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 3 cups 1/2" cubed butternut squash (about 1 pound squash), 3 1/2 ounces shiitake or cremini mushrooms, trimmed, coarsely chopped, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more.To mimic a traditional risotto, this grain-free version first simmers sunflower seeds to soften them to a rice-like texture, then purées a portion of them to create a creamy sauce. You can easily follow the sunflower cooking method for a basic go-to grain-free risotto, then swap in whatever seasonal vegetables you'd like to top it with.  Vegetarian Seed Wheat Gluten-Free Parmesan Butternut Squash White Wine Garlic Dinner Fall Winter.