Sushi-Roll Rice Salad recipe. Rinse rice in several changes of cold water in a bowl until water is almost clear, then drain in a colander 30 minutes. Bring rice and 1 3/4 cups water to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, then simmer, covered, 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let rice stand, covered, 10 minutes do not lift lid). While rice is standing, bring vinegar, sugar, and salt just to a boil in a very small saucepan, stirring constantly until sugar is dissolved, then cool 2 minutes. Spread rice in a large shallow baking pan, then sprinkle with vinegar mixture and toss with a wooden spoon. Shave thin lengthwise slices from carrot with a vegetable peeler, then cut slices diagonally into 1/4-inch-wide strips. Whisk together wasabi, remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons water, and oil in a bowl, then add rice, carrot, cucumber, scallions, pickled ginger, and sesame seeds and toss gently. Halve, pit, and peel avocado and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Arrange 2 shiso leaves if using) on each of 4 plates. Top with avocado and rice mixture and sprinkle with nori strips. Sushi-Roll Rice Salad has 446.0 calories. Sushi-Roll Rice Salad has 6.0 grams of protein. Sushi-Roll Rice Salad has 13.0 grams of fat. Sushi-Roll Rice Salad has 604.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sushi-Roll Rice Salad are 1 1/2 cups short-grain sushi rice, 1 3/4 cups plus 1 1/2 tablespoons water, 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 medium carrot, 1 1/4 teaspoons wasabi paste (Japanese horseradish paste), 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1/2 large seedless cucumber (usually plastic-wrapped), peeled, halved lengthwise, cored, and chopped (1 cup), 3 scallions, thinly sliced diagonally, 3 tablespoons drained sliced Japanese pickled ginger, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoonsesame seeds, toasted, 1 firm-ripe California avocado, 8 fresh shiso leaves (optional), 1 (6-inch) square toasted nori (dried laver), cut into very thin strips with scissors. Salad Rice Steam Summer Gourmet.