Sweet Blini recipe.  Stir together yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, and warm water in a small bowl and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. If mixture doesn't foam, discard and start over with new yeast, sugar, and warm water.) Transfer yeast mixture to a blender and add flour, salt, milk, and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, then blend until combined. Pour into a bowl and cover with a kitchen towel. Let stand in a warm, draft-free place until almost doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Return mixture to blender and add eggs and 2 tablespoons butter. Blend until smooth. Lightly brush a 10-inch nonstick skillet with melted butter, then heat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Holding skillet off heat, pour in 1/3 cup batter, immediately tilting and rotating skillet to coat bottom. If batter sets before skillet is coated, reduce heat slightly.) Return skillet to heat and cook crêpe until underside and edges are just set and golden, about 1 1/2 minutes. Loosen edge of crêpe with a heatproof rubber spatula to check.) Flip crêpe over carefully with your fingertips. Cook until other side is golden, about 1 minute more. Transfer crêpe to a plate. Brush skillet with more melted butter and make 7 more crêpes in same manner, stacking them as made and brushing skillet between each crêpe. Purée preserves and lemon juice in a food processor until smooth. Spread 1/2 tablespoon preserves on a crêpe and fold in eighths to form a triangle. Repeat with remaining preserves and crêpes. Brush a 12-inch heavy skillet with remaining butter and arrange crêpes in 1 layer with points at center of skillet. Cook over moderate heat until crêpes are beginning to brown, 1 to 2 minutes, then flip crêpes over with a spatula and cook 1 minute more. Transfer to a platter and dust with confectioners sugar. Sweet Blini has 281.0 calories. Sweet Blini has 7.0 grams of protein. Sweet Blini has 9.0 grams of fat. Sweet Blini has 205.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sweet Blini are 1 teaspoon active dry yeast (from a 1 1/4-oz envelope), 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/4 cup warm water (105°-115°F), 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup warm whole milk (105°-115°F), 3 large eggs, 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 cup fine-quality apricot preserves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Confectioners sugar for dusting.Unlike savory blini, crêpes traditionally served with butter, caviar, and sour cream, these are stuffed with fruit preserves, making them ideal for dessert.  Fruit Breakfast Brunch Dessert Apricot Pan-Fry Sour Cream Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.