Sweet Potato and Roasted Mushroom Stuffing recipe.  Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss mushrooms and oil in medium bowl to coat; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Turn mushrooms out onto baking sheet and roast until golden, about 20 minutes; transfer to large bowl. Cook potatoes in large saucepan of boiling salted water until just tender, about 6 minutes. Drain potatoes; add to mushrooms. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add red onion and next 4 ingredients. Sauté 8 minutes. Add green onions; sauté 2 minutes. Discard bay leaves. Add mixture to mushrooms. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Reheat to lukewarm before continuing.) Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Mix bread into vegetable mixture. Whisk juice, milk, and broth in medium bowl to blend; mix into stuffing. Season stuffing with salt and pepper; stir in eggs. Transfer to prepared dish. Bake uncovered until cooked through and brown, about 50 minutes. Sweet Potato and Roasted Mushroom Stuffing has 1272.0 calories. Sweet Potato and Roasted Mushroom Stuffing has 28.0 grams of protein. Sweet Potato and Roasted Mushroom Stuffing has 11.0 grams of fat. Sweet Potato and Roasted Mushroom Stuffing has 932.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sweet Potato and Roasted Mushroom Stuffing are 1/2 pound crimini mushrooms, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups 1-inch cubes peeled red-skinned sweet potatoes (yams; about 21/4 pounds), 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1 cup diced red onion, 3/4 cup diced celery, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 small bay leaves, 5 green onions, coarsely chopped, 6 cups 1-inch cubes French bread with crusts (from 1-pound loaf), 3/4 cup orange juice, 3/4 cup whole milk, 3/4 cup low-salt chicken broth, 3 large eggs, beaten to blend.One of two stuffings (see also the Apple and Sausage Stuffing) developed by Barbara Shinn and David Page of Home restaurant in New York. This dish features large cubes of French bread and a custardy texture. To ensure a crisply browned top, the stuffing should be baked separately from the turkey.  Milk Cream Mushroom Side Bake Thanksgiving Stuffing Dressing Sweet Potato Yam Fall Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.