Sweet Potato Pie with Three-Nut Topping recipe.  For Crust: Coarsely grind all nuts in processor. Blend in graham cracker crumbs, sugar and pumpkin pie spice. Add butter and blend in using on/off turns until moist crumbs form. Press crumbs onto bottom and sides of 9-inch deep-dish glass pie dish. Set aside. For Filling: Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake sweet potatoes until tender, about 1 hour. Cool potatoes; peel. Puree in processor. Transfer to bowl and whisk in eggs. Cook butter in heavy medium skillet over medium heat until melted and brown. Add sugar, honey and pumpkin pie spice and boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Whisk in cream. Add butter mixture to potato puree; blend until smooth. Pour filling into crust. Bake until center moves only slightly when pan is shaken, covering with foil if crust browns too quickly, about 40 minutes. Meanwhile, Prepare Topping: Stir first 3 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil 1 minute. Mix in nuts, coating completely. Spoon hot nut mixture over pie. Continue baking until topping bubbles, about 5 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool completely. Sweet Potato Pie with Three-Nut Topping has 598.0 calories. Sweet Potato Pie with Three-Nut Topping has 9.0 grams of protein. Sweet Potato Pie with Three-Nut Topping has 38.0 grams of fat. Sweet Potato Pie with Three-Nut Topping has 273.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sweet Potato Pie with Three-Nut Topping are 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted, 1/3 cup hazelnuts, toasted, 1/3 cup almonds, toasted, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 18 ounces sweet potatoes, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons butter, 1/2 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1/3 cup whole almonds, toasted, 1/3 cup whole hazelnuts, toasted, 1/3 cup walnuts, toasted.We've added a topping of walnuts, hazelnuts and almonds to a southern favorite.  Nut Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Sweet Potato Yam Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.