Sweet Potato and Yam Galette recipe.  Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add brown sugar, ginger, lemon peel and salt; stir until sugar dissolves, about 4 minutes. Keep warm. Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line 9- to 10-inch-diameter, 13/4-inch-deep ovenproof skillet with foil. Spray foil with nonstick spray. Toss sweet potatoes and yams with flour in large bowl. Add brown sugar mixture; stir to coat potatoes and yams. Arrange sweet potatoes and yams alternately in overlapping circles in prepared skillet. Spoon any remaining brown sugar mixture over potatoes. Press on potatoes to compact. Cover with foil. Bake potatoes until just tender, about 1 hour. Uncover and press potatoes with metal spatula to compact. Continue baking until potatoes are very tender, pressing on potatoes occasionally, about 30 minutes longer. Can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm in 400°F oven about 30 minutes.) Let stand 10 minutes. Using oven mitts, invert skillet onto platter. Remove skillet. Peel off foil. Replace any pieces of sweet potatoes and yams that may have become dislodged. Cut galette into wedges; serve with lemon wedges. Sweet Potato and Yam Galette has 403.0 calories. Sweet Potato and Yam Galette has 4.0 grams of protein. Sweet Potato and Yam Galette has 12.0 grams of fat. Sweet Potato and Yam Galette has 272.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sweet Potato and Yam Galette are 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, 1/2 cup (packed) dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel, 1/2 teaspoon salt, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 1/2 pounds small slender tan-skinned sweet potatoes, peeled, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, 1 1/2 pounds small slender yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes), peeled, sliced into 1/4-inch-thick rounds, 1/4 cup all purpose flour, Lemon wedges.The potatoes and yams are perked up with fresh ginger and with lemons.  Citrus Ginger Side Bake Thanksgiving Sweet Potato Yam Fall Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.