Sweet-Potato Gaufrettes with Duck Confit and Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney recipe. Adjust fluted blade of mandoline to an opening of slightly more than 1/8 inch. Peel sweet potatoes, then slice crosswise on mandoline, turning each potato at a 90-degree angle after each slice to produce a waffle pattern. It may take a few tries to get the pattern right.) Heat oil in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until it registers 300°F on thermometer. Fry potatoes, 6 to 8 slices at a time, stirring and turning them frequently, until golden and crisp, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and return oil to 300°F between batches. Season gaufrettes lightly with salt while still warm. Heat a 10-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot and cook duck, stirring, until any excess fat is melted and edges are slightly crisp, about 2 minutes. Top each gaufrette with some duck and a scant 1/2 teaspoon chutney. Sweet-Potato Gaufrettes with Duck Confit and Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney has 563.0 calories. Sweet-Potato Gaufrettes with Duck Confit and Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney has 2.0 grams of protein. Sweet-Potato Gaufrettes with Duck Confit and Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney has 58.0 grams of fat. Sweet-Potato Gaufrettes with Duck Confit and Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney has 35.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Sweet-Potato Gaufrettes with Duck Confit and Cranberry Black Pepper Chutney are 2 large sweet potatoes (1 1/2 lb total), 6 cups vegetable oil, 1 confit duck leg (5 1/2 oz), skin and bone discarded and meat finely shredded, Cranberry black pepper chutney, Special equipment: a mandoline fitted with fluted blade; a deep-fat thermometer.A well-sharpened French mandoline with a fluted blade is the secret to these paper-thin potato wafers with a waffle design.  Duck Potato Poultry Appetizer Bake Christmas Cocktail Party Winter Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.