Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce recipe.  In a large heavy skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with a slotted spatula transfer to a cutting board. Chop bacon fine. Remove all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet and heat remaining fat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Cook chard and garlic, stirring, until chard is tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer chard mixture to a bowl and cool. To chard mixture add cheeses, 2 tablespoons bacon, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a gentle boil. Put a won ton wrapper on a lightly floured surface and mound 1 tablespoon filling in center of wrapper. Brush edges of wrapper with water and put a second wrapper over first, pressing down around filling to force out air. Seal edges well and transfer ravioli to a kitchen towel. Make more ravioli with remaining wrappers and filling in same manner, turning them occasionally to dry slightly. Cook ravioli in water at a gentle boil 6 to 8 minutes, or until they rise to surface and are tender. Do not let water boil vigorously once ravioli have been added.) With a slotted spoon transfer ravioli as cooked to a kitchen towel to drain. Divide ravioli between 2 plates and spoon sauce over them. Garnish ravioli with remaining tablespoon bacon. Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce has 2785.0 calories. Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce has 148.0 grams of protein. Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce has 130.0 grams of fat. Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce has 3551.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce are 3 slices bacon, 3 cups chopped Swiss chard, stems discarded, leaves washed and chopped (about 1/2 pound), 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic, 1/2 cup ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 24 won ton wrappers*, thawed if frozen, 1 cup prepared tomato sauce, heated, *available at Asian markets and most supermarkets.Can be prepared in 45 minutes or less.  Cheese Quick & Easy Parmesan Ricotta Bacon Chard Gourmet.