Swiss Chard and Mushroom Galette recipe. Pulse all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, and salt in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl; drizzle with vinegar and 1/4 cup ice water. Mix with a fork, adding more ice water by the tablespoonful if needed, just until a shaggy dough comes together; lightly knead until no dry spots remain do not overwork). Pat into a disk and wrap in plastic. Chill at least 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Preheat oven to 400°F. Season ricotta with kosher salt and pepper; set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms; season with kosher salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Cook garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add half of chard, season with kosher salt and pepper, and cook, tossing, until slightly wilted. Add remaining chard and cook, tossing occasionally, until completely wilted, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat; season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Roll out dough on a lightly floured sheet of parchment to a 14" round about 1/8" thick. Transfer on parchment to a baking sheet. Spread three-fourths of ricotta over dough, leaving a 1 1/2" border. Top with reserved chard, then mushrooms. Dollop remaining ricotta over vegetables. Bring edges of dough up and over filling, overlapping as needed, to create a 1 1/2" border; brush with egg. Bake galette, rotating once, until crust is golden brown and cooked through, 35–40 minutes. Let cool slightly on baking sheet. Toss herbs with lemon juice and remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a small bowl; season with pepper. Top galette with herbs, zest, and sea salt. The ingredients of Swiss Chard and Mushroom Galette are 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 cup ricotta, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 ounces maitake mushrooms, torn, and/or crimini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1 large bunch Swiss chard, ribs and stems removed, leaves cut into bite-size pieces, All-purpose flour (for parchment), 1 large egg, beaten to blend, 1 cup mixed fresh tender herbs (such as flat-leaf parsley, cilantro, dill, and/or chives), 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon).Selling skeptics on the idea of a vegetarian dinner is easy when it's in pie form. Maitake mushrooms add heft.  Leafy Green Mushroom Bake Vegetarian Quick & Easy Dinner Chard Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.