Tacos of Carnitas Roasted with Orange, Milk, and Pepper recipe.  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut the pork into 6 or 8 pieces. Melt the lard in a heavy Dutch oven just large enough to hold the meat in one layer. Brown the meat on all sides and season with salt. Squeeze the orange over the meat and toss the rind into the pan. Pour the milk over the meat and add enough water to almost cover the meat. Sprinkle with pepper. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake for about 2 hours, until the meat is fork-tender. To finish, uncover the meat and break into into largish pieces. Remove the orange rind and discard. Roast, uncovered, until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 20 minutes, or until the meat is brown and crisp on the edges. To assemble the tacos, fill a warm tortilla with shredded pork. Top with avocado and salsa, a little of the chicharrón, and finish with generous amounts of onion and cilantro. The ingredients of Tacos of Carnitas Roasted with Orange, Milk, and Pepper are 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder (butt) or boneless country pork ribs, 1 tablespoon lard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 orange, well washed, 1 cup whole milk, About 2 cups water, 1/2 teaspoon fresh-ground black pepper, Warm corn tortillas, Diced avocado, lightly salted, Raw tomatillo salsa, Chicharrónes espumas (skin), crumbled (see note), Diced white onion, Cilantro sprigs.Many years ago, I worked with a cook who introduced me to this method of roasting pork with milk and fresh orange. Jose has long since retired to his little pueblo in Michoacan, but his recipe lives on in my kitchen simply because it so delicious. Pork cooked this way is moist and succulent, sweet from the natural caramelization of the milk, with the slightest hint of orange and black pepper. For an over-the-top garnish, crumble chicharrón (fried pork skin) on the soft roast meat for a porky, crunchy textural contrast. Serve the carnitas with warm corn tortillas, avocado, a crisp raw tomatillo salsa, and plenty of onions and cilantro. If you have access to heirloom pork such as Kurobuta or Berkshire, it's exceptionally delicious—pork the way pork was meant to taste.  Milk Cream Pork Cinco de Mayo Dinner Orange Tortillas Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.