Taglierini with Caramelized Scallops and Rosemary Beurre Blanc recipe. In an 8-quart kettle bring 7 quarts of salted water to a boil for pasta. Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary. In a small heavy saucepan simmer wine, vinegar, shallot, garlic, and rosemary until reduced to about 2 tablespoons. Add cream and simmer until liquid is reduced by about half. Add butter all at once and cook over moderately low heat, swirling pan constantly, just until creamy and butter is incorporated. Sauce must not get hot enough to liquify. It should be the consistency of hollandaise.) Remove pan from heat and stir in lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Pat scallops dry and season with salt and pepper. In a 12-inch heavy skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Arrange half of scallops, without crowding, in skillet and cook, undisturbed, 1 to 2 minutes, or until undersides are golden brown. Turn scallops over and cook, undisturbed, 1 to 2 minutes, or until undersides are golden brown. Transfer scallops to a bowl and keep warm. Cook remaining scallops in remaining oil in the same manner. Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente about 30 seconds for fresh, longer for dried) and drain in a colander. Transfer pasta to a heated bowl and pour sauce through a fine sieve onto pasta. Add any liquid accumulated in bowl of scallops and toss. Divide pasta among 6 heated plates. Arrange scallops on top of pasta and garnish with herbs. Taglierini with Caramelized Scallops and Rosemary Beurre Blanc has 553.0 calories. Taglierini with Caramelized Scallops and Rosemary Beurre Blanc has 22.0 grams of protein. Taglierini with Caramelized Scallops and Rosemary Beurre Blanc has 29.0 grams of fat. Taglierini with Caramelized Scallops and Rosemary Beurre Blanc has 459.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Taglierini with Caramelized Scallops and Rosemary Beurre Blanc are 3/4 pound Fresh Taglierini or 3/4 pound good-quality dried taglierini or fettuccine, 1 1/2 pounds sea scallops, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons white-wine vinegar, 1/4 cup chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Garnish: finely chopped fresh rosemary and parsley leaves.The delicate 1/16-inch-wide pasta ribbons known as taglierini or tagliolini are the perfect foil for scallops and this elegant-and easy-sauce.  Garlic Herb Pasta Shellfish Sauté Winter Gourmet.