Tagliatelle with Fresh Corn Pesto recipe. Cook bacon in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp and brown, stirring often. Using slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon drippings from skillet. Add corn, garlic, 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse salt, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper to drippings in skillet. Sauté over medium-high heat until corn is just tender but not brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer 1 1/2 cups corn kernels to small bowl and reserve. Scrape remaining corn mixture into processor. Add 1/2 cup Parmesan and pine nuts. With machine running, add olive oil through feed tube and blend until pesto is almost smooth. Set pesto aside. Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1 1/2 cups pasta cooking liquid. Return pasta to pot. Add corn pesto, reserved corn kernels, and 1/2 cup basil leaves. Toss pasta mixture over medium heat until warmed through, adding reserved pasta cooking liquid by 1/4 cupfuls to thin to desired consistency, 2 to 3 minutes. Season pasta to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer pasta to large shallow bowl. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup basil leaves and reserved bacon. Serve pasta, passing additional grated Parmesan alongside. Tagliatelle with Fresh Corn Pesto has 541.0 calories. Tagliatelle with Fresh Corn Pesto has 15.0 grams of protein. Tagliatelle with Fresh Corn Pesto has 29.0 grams of fat. Tagliatelle with Fresh Corn Pesto has 662.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tagliatelle with Fresh Corn Pesto are 4 bacon slices, cut lengthwise in half, then crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces, 4 cups fresh corn kernels (cut from about 6 large ears), 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 1/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese plus additional for serving, 1/3 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 8 ounces tagliatelle or fettuccine, 3/4 cup coarsely torn fresh basil leaves, divided.Pesto is traditionally made with basil, pine nuts, garlic, Parmesan, and olive oil. Here, the classic Italian sauce is re-imagined with corn in place of the basil. The finished dish has a creamy richness that's reminiscent of carbonara.  Pasta Appetizer Quick & Easy High Fiber Dinner Parmesan Pine Nut Corn Summer Bon Appétit Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.