Tahini Chicken Salad recipe.  Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Rub chicken with oil in a shallow baking pan 1 inch deep) and sprinkle with pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Roast chicken until just cooked through, 40 to 45 minutes. While chicken roasts, blend tahini, water, lemon juice, garlic, sugar, and remaining teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Blanch sugar snaps in a 2-quart saucepan of  1 minute, then drain in a colander. Rinse under cold running water to stop cooking and drain well. When chicken is cool enough to handle, remove skin and discard. Remove meat from bones in large pieces, discarding bones, then pull meat into 1/3-inch-wide strips and transfer to a large bowl. Add sugar snaps, bell pepper, and dressing and toss to coat. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Tahini Chicken Salad has 3480.0 calories. Tahini Chicken Salad has 406.0 grams of protein. Tahini Chicken Salad has 191.0 grams of fat. Tahini Chicken Salad has 2027.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tahini Chicken Salad are 6 chicken breast halves with skin and bones (4 to 4 1/2 lb total), 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, 2/3 cup well-stirred tahini (Middle Eastern sesame paste), 1/2 cup water, 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 lb sugar snap peas, trimmed, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1/4-inch-thick strips, 1/4 cup sesame seeds, toasted.This salad is so much lighter and fresher-tasting than mayonnaise-based versions. It gets crispy sweetness from sugar snaps and peppers and nuttiness from tahini. Keep in mind that tahini can turn rancid rather quickly (even in unopened cans, in our experience). We recommend buying it from a place with a high turnover, such as a Middle Eastern market or a natural foods store.  Salad Chicken Garlic Quick & Easy Lunch Lemon Bell Pepper Summer Sugar Snap Pea Gourmet Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.