Tamarind  Teriyaki  Chicken Skewers recipe.  In a small pot or saucepan, mix together the first 7 ingredients tamarind paste to 3/4 cup water). Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, then reduce to low and cook for 10 minutes. In a separate bowl, mix the cornstarch with the 2 tablespoons of water until it is dissolved and smooth. Add the cornstarch mixture to the pot and stir until it is well combined and the sauce begins to thicken like a glaze. Continue to cook and reduce by one third, 2 to 3 minutes. Then turn the heat to the lowest possible setting and cover the pot with a lid to keep the sauce warm. In a large skillet, heat the sesame oil over medium-high heat. Add your chicken pieces and about a quarter of the sauce and cook for 5 minutes without stirring. Then toss the chicken pieces, doing your best to flip them over, adding another quarter of the sauce. Cook until the inside of the meat is white, 6 to 8 minutes more. Remove the chicken from the heat and allow it to rest until the pieces are cool enough to handle. Weave the chicken onto the bamboo skewers, about 4 per skewer, and lay them flat on a serving dish or a large plate. Drizzle the remaining sauce over the skewers and sprinkle with white toasted sesame seeds and the sliced green onions. Serve and eat immediately. The ingredients of Tamarind  Teriyaki  Chicken Skewers are 1 tablespoon tamarind paste (or substitute with pomegranate molasses), 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons molasses, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 garlic cloves, diced, 3/4 cup water plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips, Bamboo skewers, White toasted sesame seeds, for garnish, 2 green onions, thinly sliced (everything but the bulb), for garnish.Long before I discovered my love of sashimi, I fell in love with the viscous, sweet taste of teriyaki. With anywhere from 300 to 700mg of sodium per tablespoon, however, teriyaki chicken from the local takeout is now out of the question. So, to meet my cravings, I let go of the original dish and focused on finding a substitute with a similar color, thick coating, and unique flavor. The low-sodium answer lay in tamarind paste—a sweet and tart concentrate made from tamarind seed pods. It is popular in Indian, Middle Eastern, and East Asian cuisines, and can even be found in Worcestershire sauce. Its acidic properties help tenderize meat, and in Ayurvedic medicine it is said to have heart-protecting properties. Or in Western medicine speak, it may help lower bad cholesterol.  Chicken Poultry Low Sodium Dinner Healthy Advance Prep Required Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.