Tamarind-Glazed Turkey Burgers recipe.  Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add ginger and sauté 2 minutes. Add tamarind concentrate, honey, and water and bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until thick enough to coat spoon and reduced to 1 1/4 cups, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Cool completely volume will reduce as glaze cools); mix in lime juice. Do ahead: Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Stir mayonnaise, ginger, salt, jalapeño, black pepper, and 4 teaspoons glaze in large bowl to blend; mix in green onions. Add ground turkey; blend gently do not pack tightly). Shape mixture into eight 1/2-inch-thick patties. Arrange patties on small baking sheet. Do ahead: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Grill rolls, cut side down, until golden, about 2 minutes; transfer to work surface. Grill burgers until cooked through and thermometer inserted into center registers 160°F, about 8 minutes per side. Brush each burger with glaze. Place 1 burger, glazed side down, on each roll bottom; brush each burger with more glaze. Top each with onion, tomato, lettuce, and roll top. Serve, passing remaining glaze separately. *Sometimes labeled tamarind paste, tamarind concentrate is a dark, seedless paste with a tart-sweet flavor. It's available at Middle Eastern and Indian markets, and at some Asian markets. Tamarind-Glazed Turkey Burgers has 654.0 calories. Tamarind-Glazed Turkey Burgers has 39.0 grams of protein. Tamarind-Glazed Turkey Burgers has 25.0 grams of fat. Tamarind-Glazed Turkey Burgers has 1146.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tamarind-Glazed Turkey Burgers are 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 1/2 cup tamarind concentrate*, 1/2 cup honey, 1/4 cup water, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 red jalapeño chile with seeds, minced, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 cup chopped green onions, 2 1/2 pounds ground natural turkey, 8 4-inch-diameter rolls (such as potato or kaiser), split horizontally, 8 large thin red onion slices, 8 large 1/3-inch-thick tomato slices, 8 lettuce leaves.As culinary director for Balducci's, Katy Sparks brought take-out food to a whole new level. Instead of the typical fried chicken and heavy potato salad, the market offers horseradish-crusted salmon and grilled fingerling potatoes with lemon. In this recipe she's taken the often-bland turkey burger to a higher plane, with the addition of tamarind.  Sandwich Ginger Onion Tomato turkey Backyard BBQ Dinner Lunch Grill Barbecue Jalapeño Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.