Tangerine Souffles recipe.  Bring orange juice, 1 cup sugar and tangerines to boil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cover pan, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tangerines are very tender, about 35 minutes. Strain mixture through sieve set over medium bowl, pressing firmly on fruit. Transfer fruit to processor; puree until tangerine peel is finely chopped. Return puree to saucepan; mix in 1/2 cup strained syrup, reserving remaining syrup for another use. Puree can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Beat cream, Grand Marnier and 2 tablespoons sugar in large bowl until stiff peaks form; refrigerate. Butter ten 2/3-cup soufflé dishes or ramekins; dust with sugar and arrange on baking sheet. Stir tangerine puree over low heat until warm; set aside. {Step One} Beat egg whites in another large bowl until soft peaks form. Beat in 1/2 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, until egg whites are stiff and glossy. {Step Two} Fold 1/4 of whites into warm tangerine puree in saucepan. Fold tangerine mixture into remaining whites in bowl. Divide mixture among prepared dishes. Bake until puffed and brown, about 16 minutes. Serve with whipped cream. Tangerine Souffles has 540.0 calories. Tangerine Souffles has 6.0 grams of protein. Tangerine Souffles has 39.0 grams of fat. Tangerine Souffles has 67.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tangerine Souffles are 2 cups orange juice, 1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 pound unpeeled tangerines (about 5 small), quartered, seeded, 2 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 6 large egg whites.What's the secret to a good soufflé? Beating the egg whites with the sugar until they are stiff and still very shiny, then folding them into the flavor base carefully in two or three additions so that the whites do not deflate. This dessert has an intense tangerine flavor, which comes from using the entire fruit, except for its seeds, of course. Any leftover tangerine syrup can be added to sparkling wine to make a mimosa with a twist.  Fruit Juice Liqueur Milk Cream Egg Dessert Bake Low Sodium Spring Tangerine Bon Appétit.