Tapenade Caesar with Prosciutto recipe.  Blend olives, raisins, parsley, anchovies, shallots, lemon juice, fennel seeds and cayenne in processor until almost smooth, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl. With machine running, add oil and process until blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Whisk lemon juice, Parmesan, mustard, anchovies, capers and garlic in medium bowl until well blended. Gradually whisk in oil. Season with salt and pepper. Tapenade and dressing can be made 2 days ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before using.) Place lettuce in large bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat generously. Divide lettuce among 6 plates. Dot perimeter of each plate with teaspoonfuls of tapenade. Top each salad with prosciutto and cheese and serve. Tapenade Caesar with Prosciutto has 655.0 calories. Tapenade Caesar with Prosciutto has 11.0 grams of protein. Tapenade Caesar with Prosciutto has 61.0 grams of fat. Tapenade Caesar with Prosciutto has 1008.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tapenade Caesar with Prosciutto are 1 cup brine-cured black olives (such as Kalamata; about 5 ounces), pitted, 1/2 cup raisins, 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 canned anchovy fillets, drained, 2 medium shallots, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup olive oil, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1/4 cup (packed) grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons coarse-grained Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained canned anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained capers, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 cup olive oil, 3 hearts of romaine lettuce, torn into pieces, 4 ounces thin prosciutto slices, cut crosswise into strips, Pecorino Romano cheese shavings.This innovative take on the classic features an intensely flavored olive and raisin tapenade that is also great teamed with breadsticks or spread onto bruschetta. Crispy egg-bread croutons are also a nice addition.  Salad Food Processor Fish Olive Parmesan Lemon Raisin Fall Chill Prosciutto Lettuce Bon Appétit.