Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots recipe.  Having soaked the tapioca overnight, drain and place it in a saucepan with the milk, vanilla extract, and butter. Bring to a boil, turn to low, and simmer, stirring in the honey, agave, or sugar, for another 10 minutes. Cut your overnight magically plumped apricots into halves or quarters, if desired. In another saucepan, place the water, cinnamon, orange juice, agave or honey, and apples and bring to a boil, giving it a good stir now and then. Simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes, or until the apples are tender. Now, here you can do one of two things. Serve the stewed fruit as is on top of the tapioca or put the tapioca in a small ovenproof dish with another tablespoon of butter, pour the apples and apricots on top, and bake at 350°F/180°C for 15 or so minutes. The choice, Cilla, is yours. Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots has 177.0 calories. Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots has 4.0 grams of protein. Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots has 3.0 grams of fat. Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots has 45.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tapioca with Stewed Apples and Apricots are 1/2 cup/70 g tapioca (soaked overnight in plenty of water), 1 1/3 cups/350 ml milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon butter, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons runny honey, agave nectar, or brown sugar, 12 dried apricots (like the tapioca, soaked overnight, but in about 1 cup/250 ml orange juice), 1 cup/250 ml or so water, 1 cinnamon stick, A few tablespoons of orange juice, 1 tablespoon agave nectar or honey, 2 eating apples, peeled, cored, and sliced.Tapioca, like semolina, is one of those things that a school kitchen could have turned you off for life. I couldn't eat it for years, having been force-fed it at primary school aged six, with tinned jam, as it oozed like frogspawn out of the bowl and I wept and retched. For years I had the same malicious feeling toward beets and mashed potatoes, which were instant and came in lumpy granules. My teacher and I had a silent war every lunchtime; a war that eventually came to an end after my parents removed me from the school. Made to your own wont, in your own kitchen, tapioca is ambrosial, and worth being a grown-up for, as is semolina. This could also be a pudding, not a breakfast, just don't serve it with dog food–like tinned jam. Try a lovely homemade compote instead.  Milk Cream Breakfast Brunch Stew Vegetarian Apple Apricot Fall Winter Cinnamon Tapioca Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.