Tart Shell recipe. Blend together flour, sugar, salt, butter, and shortening with your fingertips or a pastry blender or pulse in a food processor) just until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with small roughly pea-size) butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 3 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork or pulse in food processor) until incorporated. Squeeze a small handful: If it doesn't hold together, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring or pulsing) until just incorporated, then test again. If you overwork mixture, pastry will be tough.) Turn out mixture onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 6 portions. With heel of your hand, smear each portion once or twice in a forward motion. Gather dough together with scraper and press into a ball, then flatten into a 6-inch disk. Chill, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Roll out dough with a floured rolling pin into a 13-inch round on a lightly floured surface and fit into tart pan. Trim excess dough, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang, then fold overhang inward and press against side of pan to reinforce edge. Lightly prick bottom and sides with a fork. Chill 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375°F. Line tart shell with foil or parchment paper and fill with pie weights. Bake in middle of oven until pastry is pale golden along rim, 20 minutes. Carefully remove foil and weights and bake until pale golden all over, 10 minutes more. Cool in pan on a rack. Tart Shell has 1908.0 calories. Tart Shell has 24.0 grams of protein. Tart Shell has 122.0 grams of fat. Tart Shell has 1183.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tart Shell are 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 stick (1/2 cup) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1/4 cup cold vegetable shortening, 3 to 5 tablespoons ice water, Special equipment: a pastry or bench scraper; an 11- by 1-inch fluted round tart pan with a removable bottom; pie weights or raw rice.Active time: 25 min Start to finish: 3 hr.  Dessert Bake Gourmet Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.