Tecate Skirt-Steak Tacos recipe. Combine steak, beer, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a resealable plastic bag. Seal; chill 3 hours. Cook onion, garlic, and oil in a small skillet over medium heat until soft and translucent, 5 minutes. Let cool. Prepare a grill for high heat if using charcoal, prepare two zones of heat, high and medium-high). Grill tomatoes over high heat, turning occasionally, until well charred but still holding their shape, 6–8 minutes. Reduce grill to medium-high heat or use medium-high zone if using a charcoal grill). Remove steak from marinade and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper and grill until charred, about 3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let steak rest 10 minutes. Meanwhile, blend onion and garlic, tomatoes, chipotle, and remaining 3 tablespoons lime juice in a blender until smooth. Add chopped cilantro, season with salt, and pulse until just combined. Transfer salsa to a small bowl. Grill tortillas until soft and beginning to char, about 30 seconds per side. Slice steak against the grain into 1/2" trips. Top each tortilla with a few pieces of steak, then some salsa, cilantro leaves, avocado, and Cotija cheese. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over. Tecate Skirt-Steak Tacos has 420.0 calories. Tecate Skirt-Steak Tacos has 27.0 grams of protein. Tecate Skirt-Steak Tacos has 20.0 grams of fat. Tecate Skirt-Steak Tacos has 580.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tecate Skirt-Steak Tacos are 1 pound skirt steak, silver skin removed, cut into 6" pieces, 1 12-ounce can pale lager (such as Tecate), 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, divided, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more, 1/4 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 large plum tomatoes, cored, 1/2 canned chipotle chile in adobo, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for serving, 8 fresh corn tortillas, Avocado slices, crumbled Cotija cheese, and lime wedges (for serving).Any fairly thin cut of beef will work with this marinade; try flank or New York strip.  Kid-Friendly Steak Grill Barbecue Tortillas Bon Appétit.