Tequila-Glazed Chicken with Jalapeño recipe.  Mix coriander, salt, and red pepper. Sprinkle mixture all over chicken. Arrange chicken, skin side up, on baking sheet; cover and chill at least 6 hours or overnight. Combine orange juice, tequila, brown sugar, honey, 1 jalapeño, and shallot in small saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until mixture thickens slightly, about 10 minutes. Add 1 more jalapeño if more heat is desired. Cool glaze. Transfer 3 tablespoons glaze to small bowl and set aside for serving. Spray grill with nonstick spray. Prepare barbecue medium heat). Arrange chicken, skin side up, on grill. Grill 15 minutes, turning occasionally. Brush chicken with glaze in saucepan. Turn chicken over; brush with glaze. Grill until juices run clear when pierced with fork or until instant-read thermometer inserted into chicken registers 170°F, turning and brushing occasionally with glaze, about 10 minutes longer. Transfer to platter. Spoon reserved glaze over. Tequila-Glazed Chicken with Jalapeño has 651.0 calories. Tequila-Glazed Chicken with Jalapeño has 44.0 grams of protein. Tequila-Glazed Chicken with Jalapeño has 39.0 grams of fat. Tequila-Glazed Chicken with Jalapeño has 1002.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tequila-Glazed Chicken with Jalapeño are 1 1/2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds, coarsely ground in spice mill or mortar with pestle, 1 3/4 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 (3 1/2- to 4-pound) cut-up (best of fryer) chicken, 1/3 cup orange juice or pineapple juice, 1/4 cup gold or silver tequila, 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 to 2 red jalapeño chiles with seeds, finely chopped, 1 shallot, minced, Nonstick vegetable oil spray.Why you'll make it: Because it's that one easy, really delicious recipe for barbecued chicken that every cook needs. Grilling bone-in chicken takes a bit more time than boneless, but the flavor payoff is worth it. Stay close to the grill and flip the pieces every six to eight minutes. Rub spices on the chicken at least six hours ahead.  Tequila Chicken Fruit Pepper Backyard BBQ Pineapple Summer Grill Barbecue Coriander Bon Appétit.