The Celtic Buck recipe.  If using whole allspice, in spice or coffee grinder, buzz until powdery about 20 seconds) In medium saucepan over moderately high heat, combine 2 cups water and sugar, stirring until sugar dissolves. Bring to boil, then stir in allspice. Remove from heat and let stand 45 minutes. Strain through fine-mesh sieve. Syrup can be made ahead and refrigerated, tightly covered, up to 3 weeks.) In cocktail shaker, combine Scotch, pear nectar, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon allspice syrup. Fill with ice and shake 20 seconds. Strain drink into tall glass filled with fresh ice. Top with ginger ale. To garnish, insert toothpick through pear slices to create fan. Tuck fan into top of glass, then add cinnamon stick and straws. The Celtic Buck has 1750.0 calories. The Celtic Buck has 1.0 grams of protein. The Celtic Buck has 1.0 grams of fat. The Celtic Buck has 39.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of The Celtic Buck are 1 tablespoon (1/2 ounce) whole allspice berries or 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1/4 cup (2 ounces) Scotch whisky, 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) pear nectar, 1 tablespoon (1/2 ounce) fresh lemon juice, About 5 to 6 cubes ice, 3 tablespoons (1 1/2 ounces) ginger ale, 3 slices pear (optional), 1 stick cinnamon (optional), 1 toothpick, 2 thin straws (optional).A "buck" is a traditional type of drink containing a spirit, lemon or lime juice, and ginger ale. Julie Reiner, the owner-mixologist of New York's Clover Club cocktail bar, serves this version during the holiday season. It has a Scotch whisky base (she prefers the light flavor of Famous Grouse, but you can use any brand) and a balanced mix of autumnal and winter flavors: pear, allspice (infused into a simple syrup before making the cocktail), ginger, and cinnamon. The recipe makes more allspice syrup than you'll need, but the extra will keep for up to three weeks and is delicious in glögg or a Tom & Jerry It can also be served as a nonalcoholic beverage, sans Scotch.  Scotch Alcoholic Cocktail Party Cocktail Lemon Pear Engagement Party Party Drink.