Thick White Noodles in Soup, Topped with Eggs and Scallions recipe. In a medium stockpot, combine the stock, soy sauce, and rice wine and heat to the point where small bubbles appear at the rim of the saucepan. Taste and adjust with a pinch of salt, if necessary. As you heat the soup, warm the bowls in which you will serve the noodles. Use a ladle to carefully scoop out boiling hot water from the pot in which the noodles were cooked and fill each serving bowl half way. Place a flat plate over the top of each bowl until ready to fill with noodles; this "lid" helps retain heat. Re-heat previously cooked, rinsed noodles: Place them in a deep, conical-shaped strainer an Asian-style men koshi or a European-style chinois) and briefly dip them back in the boiling water two or three times. Jiggle and swish as you submerge them to separate any clusters. Lift the strainer out of the boiling water and shake and tap to remove excess water. Or, place the noodles directly in the pot of boiling water, swish and stir, then strain them out into an ordinary colander.) Place the warmed noodles in the warmed bowls. Re-heat the seasoned soup stock until piping hot, then stir vigorously in a clockwise direction. Pour in the beaten eggs in a steady stream. Stir once in a counter-clockwise direction, then remove the pot from the stove. Top each portion of noodles with egg drop soup and some chopped scallions. Serve immediately with the grated ginger on the side. The ingredients of Thick White Noodles in Soup, Topped with Eggs and Scallions are 1 quart Sanuki Sea Stock, 2 tablespoons light-colored soy sauce (usukuchi shoyu; see Tips, below), 2 tablespoons syrupy rice wine (mirin; see Tips, below), pinch of salt, optional, 1 recipe fresh udon noodles or 8 to 10 ounces dried or semidried udon noodles , cooked (reserve cooking water), 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 scallions, trimmed and finely chopped (white and green portions), 1 small knob fresh ginger, peeled and grated to yield about 2 teaspoons; optional._(Tamago Toji Udon).  Soup Stew Wine Egg Ginger Pasta Quick & Easy New Year's Day New Year's Eve Lunch Soy Sauce Sugar Conscious Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Kosher.