Three-Cheese Pizza with Onion and Sage recipe.  In a food processor combine 1/2 cup of the flour and the yeast, with the motor running add the hot water, and turn the motor off. Add the oil, the honey, the salt, the cornmeal, and 1/2 cup of the remaining flour, blend the dough until it forms a ball, and if necessary blend in enough of the remaining 1/4 cup flour to form a soft but not sticky dough. Process the dough for 30 seconds, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead it 10 times. Form the dough into a ball and let it rest, covered with an inverted bowl, in a warm place for 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 500°F. On a lightly floured surface roll out the dough into a 12-inch circle and transfer it to an oiled baking sheet preferably black steel), sprinkled lightly wih the cornmeal. If using the dried sage sprinkle it evenly over the dough.) Scatter the Fontina and the blue cheese evenly over the dough, leaving a 1/2-inch border, and arrange the onion rings and the fresh sage leaves over the cheese. Sprinkle the pizza with the Parmesan and bake it on the bottom rack of the oven for 10 minutes, or until the crust is golden and the cheese is bubbling. Three-Cheese Pizza with Onion and Sage has 798.0 calories. Three-Cheese Pizza with Onion and Sage has 32.0 grams of protein. Three-Cheese Pizza with Onion and Sage has 30.0 grams of fat. Three-Cheese Pizza with Onion and Sage has 1303.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Three-Cheese Pizza with Onion and Sage are about 1 1/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, 1 1/4 teaspoons (half a 1/4-ounce package) fast-acting yeast, 1/2 cup hot water (130°F.), 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup cornmeal, cornmeal for sprinkling the baking sheet, 6 large fresh sage leaves, halved, or 1 teaspoon dried sage, crumbled, 3/4 cup finely diced Danish Fontina, 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1/2 red onion, sliced thin into rings, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan.Can be prepared in 45 minues or less.  Onion Appetizer Bake Super Bowl Quick & Easy Blue Cheese Parmesan Sage Fontina Gourmet.