Three-Mushroom Dressing recipe. Bring 2 cups chicken broth to boil in small saucepan. Add porcini mushrooms. Cover and remove from heat. Let stand 30 minutes to soften porcini mushrooms. Using slotted spoon, transfer porcini to work surface. Finely chop porcini. Reserve 1 1/2 cups mushroom soaking liquid for Gravy Base . Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter 13x9x2-inch baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add porcini, chopped onions, celery, marjoram and thyme. Cover and cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add shiitake, crimini and 1 teaspoon salt. Cover and cook until mushrooms begin to release their liquid, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high. Uncover and cook until almost all liquid evaporates and mushrooms brown lightly, stirring frequently, about 8 minutes. Transfer mushroom mixture to large bowl. Mushroom mixture can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Add bread, chopped fresh parsley, remaining 1 1/4 cups chicken broth and 1/2 teaspoon salt to mushroom mixture and stir to blend. Season with pepper. Mix in eggs. Transfer dressing to prepared dish. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake 20 minutes. Uncover and bake until light brown, about 20 minutes. Three-Mushroom Dressing has 309.0 calories. Three-Mushroom Dressing has 12.0 grams of protein. Three-Mushroom Dressing has 12.0 grams of fat. Three-Mushroom Dressing has 792.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Three-Mushroom Dressing are 3 1/4 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, rinsed, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, 2 cups chopped onions, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 1/2 teaspoons dried marjoram, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 3/4 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, caps coarsely chopped, 3/4 pound crimini mushrooms, stems trimmed, caps coarsely chopped, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 8 cups 1/2-inch pieces crustless country-style white bread (about 1 pound), 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 eggs, beaten to blend.Pennsylvania is now a national center for cultivated exotic or "specialty" mushrooms like shiitake and crimini, but early colonists found plenty of familiar wild mushrooms growing free for the picking in the forests of their new world. The tradition finds expression in this mushroom-lover's dressing, which blends both wild and cultivated fungi for maximum flavor.  Herb Mushroom Onion Side Bake Thanksgiving Kid-Friendly Celery Fall Bon Appétit Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.