Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia recipe.  In a standing electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment beat together yeast, sugar, and water and let stand 5 minutes, or until foamy. In a bowl stir together table salt and 5 cups flour. Stir oil into yeast mixture. With motor on low speed, gradually add flour mixture to yeast mixture. With dough hook knead dough 2 minutes, or until soft and slightly sticky. Transfer dough to a floured surface and knead in enough remaining flour to form a soft but not sticky dough. Form dough into a ball and put in an oiled large bowl, turning to coat. Cover bowl with a kitchen towel and let dough rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and divide in half. Knead thyme into one half and knead plain half 1 minute. Form each half into an oval and invert bowl over them. Let dough rest 5 minutes for easier rolling. Preheat oven to 450° F. Oil two 13- by 9-inch baking pans and sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon cornmeal. On lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out dough halves into 13- by 9-inch rectangles and fit into pans. Cover each pan with a kitchen towel and let dough rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle plain dough with Parmesan and sprinkle both doughs with coarse salt and pepper. With lightly oiled fingertips make indentations, about 1/2 inch deep and 1 inch apart, all over dough rectangles and bake in middle of oven 12 minutes, or until golden. Remove focaccie from pans and cool on racks. Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia has 1829.0 calories. Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia has 59.0 grams of protein. Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia has 49.0 grams of fat. Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia has 3536.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Thyme Focaccia and Parmesan Focaccia are two 1/4-ounce packages (5 teaspoons) active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups warm water (105°‐115° F.), 1 tablespoon table salt, about 5 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, 1/2 cup coarsely grated Parmesan, coarse salt for sprinkling, freshly ground black pepper for sprinkling.This recipe is used to prepare Grilled Tuna and Roasted Peppers Sandwiches on Thyme Focaccia and Presciutto, Mozzarella, and Olive Sandwiches on Parmesan Focaccia .  Bread Mixer Cheese Herb Bake Parmesan Thyme Gourmet.