Toasted Hazelnut Salad with Dried Cranberries and Hazelnut Vinaigrette recipe. In a small saucepan heat 2 teaspoons olive oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook shallots, stirring, until golden brown. Stir in cranberries, 3 tablespoons vinegar, water, and sugar and simmer mixture, stirring occasionally, until syrupy, about 4 minutes. Transfer mixture to a bowl and cool to room temperature. In a small skillet heat 1 teaspoon olive oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook hazelnuts with salt and pepper to taste, stirring, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer nuts to a plate and cool. In a small bowl whisk together mustard and remaining tablespoon vinegar with salt and pepper to taste. In a stream whisk in hazelnut oil and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil until emulsified. In a large bowl toss greens with just enough dressing to coat and divide among 6 plates. Sprinkle salads with cranberry mixture and hazelnuts. Serve salad with soup as a main course or align as a first course. Toasted Hazelnut Salad with Dried Cranberries and Hazelnut Vinaigrette has 196.0 calories. Toasted Hazelnut Salad with Dried Cranberries and Hazelnut Vinaigrette has 3.0 grams of protein. Toasted Hazelnut Salad with Dried Cranberries and Hazelnut Vinaigrette has 15.0 grams of fat. Toasted Hazelnut Salad with Dried Cranberries and Hazelnut Vinaigrette has 20.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Toasted Hazelnut Salad with Dried Cranberries and Hazelnut Vinaigrette are 3 tablespoons olive oil, or to taste, 2 large shallots, chopped fine (about 1/2 cup), 1/2 cup dried cranberries (about 2 ounces), 4 tablespoons Sherry vinegar, or to taste, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/2 cup hazelnuts (about 2 ounces), toasted lightly and skinned, 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon hazelnut oil if desired, 3 cups baby Bibb lettuce (about 3 medium heads), 2 cups frisée (about 2 ounces), 2 cups baby spinach or tatsoi (thick, spoon shaped Asian greens), about 2 ounces. Salad Vegetarian Lunch Cranberry Spinach Vegan Hazelnut Lettuce Gourmet.