Toasted Bread with Burrata and Arugula recipe. Finely grated peel from 1 lemon Preheat oven to 400°F. Fill small bowl with water. Place bread halves, cut side up, on baking sheet; brush bread with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Toast bread in oven until crisp and light golden around edges, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Lightly brush each bread half with water do not soak). Rub cut sides of bread halves with cut sides of garlic halves. Place 2 bread halves, cut side up, on each of 6 plates. Drizzle each bread half lightly with olive oil. Top each half with 1 burrata wedge; sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper and drizzle lightly with olive oil. Toss arugula with 1 tablespoon olive oil in small bowl; sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Mound arugula salad atop burrata on each bread half; sprinkle each with grated lemon peel and serve. A soft, fresh Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream; available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores and Italian markets. The ingredients of Toasted Bread with Burrata and Arugula are 6 3x2-inch pieces friselle or crusty ciabatta bread, halved horizontally, 5 tablespoons (about) extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, halved, 1 8-ounce ball burrata cheese,* cut into 12 wedges, 1 1/2 cups (about) baby arugula, Finely grated peel from 1 lemon.This appetizer is traditionally made with friselle (ring-shaped rolls). Friselle are baked twice, giving the rolls a very crunchy texture. To soften the bread slightly, it's dipped in water and brushed with olive oil before serving. When Donatella was growing up, her family would put bowls of water and olive oil on the table with the friselle so that everyone could dip their own bread. If friselle aren't available, toasted ciabatta is an easier-to-find substitute.  Cheese Garlic Appetizer Vegetarian Arugula Family Reunion Party Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.