Toasted Manioc Flour With Eggs and Scallions (Farofa de Ovo e Cebolinha) recipe. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add the manioc flour and toast it to a light golden color, stirring often, 8 to 10 minutes. Make sure to stir constantly, otherwise the flour will burn. Set aside. In a nonstick skillet, warm the olive oil over medium heat, and cook the scallions until they just start to soften. Save a few slices of scallion for garnish. Whisk the eggs in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Pour the eggs into the scallions and scramble them lightly, being careful not to overcook them. Add the toasted manioc flour and stir everything together. Season with salt and pepper. Pour into a serving dish and garnish with the reserved scallions. Toasted Manioc Flour With Eggs and Scallions (Farofa de Ovo e Cebolinha) has 376.0 calories. Toasted Manioc Flour With Eggs and Scallions (Farofa de Ovo e Cebolinha) has 13.0 grams of protein. Toasted Manioc Flour With Eggs and Scallions (Farofa de Ovo e Cebolinha) has 19.0 grams of fat. Toasted Manioc Flour With Eggs and Scallions (Farofa de Ovo e Cebolinha) has 93.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Toasted Manioc Flour With Eggs and Scallions (Farofa de Ovo e Cebolinha) are 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 1/2 cups manioc flour, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 scallions (white and green parts), thinly sliced on a bias, 5 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.Farofa is the term for a side dish using toasted farinha de mandioca—in English, manioc flour, which is a dried flour similar in looks and texture to breadcrumbs, made from yucca. The making of farofa as a dish couldn't be easier. It is plain manioc flour toasted in butter. A few of the classic farofa dishes include eggs and scallions, eggs and bacon, banana, bell peppers, and dendê oil, green beans and carrots, peas and corn, and so on and so forth. Farofa can be extremely dry, since the manioc flour immediately sucks up all the juices from anything it encounters, especially when it's served plain. The trick to making a moist farofa is to use a small amount of manioc flour in proportion to the other components, turning a side dish into a savory accompaniment that is so tempting, you may even forget there is a main course.  Egg Side Kid-Friendly Quick & Easy Butter Green Onion Scallion Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.