Tomato-Infused Bulgur Pilaf with Fresh Basil recipe.  Heat the olive oil in a 3- or 4-quart saucepan over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onion, garlic, and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onion softens and starts to brown at the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and Aleppo pepper and cook, stirring, until the mixture darkens, about 1 minute. Add the broth, the tomatoes with their juices, and the bulgur and bring to a boil, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan. Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the bulgur is tender but still slightly chewy, about 15 minutes. Add a tad more water if necessary. Remove the saucepan from the heat and season with the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Taste for salt and adjust, and then stir in 1/4 cup of the basil. Cover and set aside for 3 minutes. Garnish with the remaining 2 tablespoons basil and serve. Tomato-Infused Bulgur Pilaf with Fresh Basil has 195.0 calories. Tomato-Infused Bulgur Pilaf with Fresh Basil has 7.0 grams of protein. Tomato-Infused Bulgur Pilaf with Fresh Basil has 5.0 grams of fat. Tomato-Infused Bulgur Pilaf with Fresh Basil has 469.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tomato-Infused Bulgur Pilaf with Fresh Basil are 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 cup red onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice (about 1 small), 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed, 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1/2 to 1 teaspoon Aleppo pepper, 1 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth or vegetable broth, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh tomatoes or diced canned tomatoes, 1 cup medium-coarse bulgur, 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, plus 2 tablespoons for garnish.When an abundance of fresh vine-ripened tomatoes piles high on my mother's kitchen counter in Thessa-loniki, she cooks up a simple pot of juicy bulgur with the fruit. This classic pairing is born out of necessity in the heat of summer in many parts of the Mediterranean. It nicely accompanies lamb chops, flank steak, chicken breast, or grilled shrimp.  Herb Tomato Vegetable Side Basil Bulgur Sugar Conscious Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.