Traditional Fish Stock recipe.  In a 7- to 8-quart stockpot, combine the fish bones, white wine, and just enough water to cover you won’t need the full 2 quarts of water here). Bring to a boil, skimming off the white foam from the top of the stock as it approaches boiling, then reduce the heat so the stock simmers. Using a ladle and a circular motion, push the foam from the center to the outside of the pot, where it is easy to remove.) Add the onions, celery, carrots, bay leaves, parsley, thyme, and peppercorns and stir them into the liquid. If the ingredients are not covered by the liquid, add a little more water. Allow the stock to simmer gently for 20 minutes. Remove the stock from the stove, stir it again, and allow it to steep for 10 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh strainer and season lightly with salt. If you are not going to be using the stock within the hour, chill it as quickly as possible. Cover the stock after it has completely cooled and keep refrigerated for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to 2 months. For equipment, you will need a 7- to 8-quart stockpot, a ladle, and a fine-mesh strainer. Traditional Fish Stock has 16.0 calories. Traditional Fish Stock has 2.0 grams of protein. Traditional Fish Stock has 71.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Traditional Fish Stock are 4 pounds fish frames (bones) from sole, flounder, halibut, and/or turbot, cut into 2-inch pieces and rinsed clean of any blood, 1/2 cup dry white wine, About 2 quarts water, 2 medium onions, very thinly sliced, 4 stalks celery, very thinly sliced, 2 medium carrots, very thinly sliced, 2 dried bay leaves, 1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves and stems, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, Kosher or sea salt.This stock is even easier to put together than <epi:recipelink id="105266">Strong Fish Stockepi:recipelink. It does not require fish heads, only the bones of flat fish — sole, founder, halibut, or turbot — and it doesn’t call for the extra step of sweating the bones. It has a more delicate seafood flavor, and it is not as gelatinous as the Strong Fish Stock, making it very versatile. In addition to chowder and seafood stews like bouillabaisse, you can use this to make fish velouté and delicate French sauces such as Bercy (based on velouté and shallots) or bonnefemme.</epi:recipelink></epi:recipelink>.  Soup Stew Fish.