Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans recipe. Finely grind basil, oil, 6 tablespoons each Romano and Parmesan cheeses, toasted pine nuts and minced garlic in processor. Season pesto to taste with salt and pepper. Pesto can be prepared 2 days ahead. Press plastic wrap onto surface of pesto and refrigerate.) Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to large bowl. Add green beans to same pot and cook until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to bowl with potatoes. Cook pasta in same pot until tender but still firm to bite. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Transfer pasta to bowl with potatoes and green beans. Whisk reserved 1/2 cup cooking liquid into pesto. Add pesto to pasta mixture and toss thoroughly to coat. Transfer pasta to large platter. Serve, passing additional Pecorino Romano separately. Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans has 856.0 calories. Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans has 24.0 grams of protein. Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans has 38.0 grams of fat. Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans has 214.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Trenette with Pesto, Potatoes and Green Beans are 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves (about 2 bunches), 1/2 cup olive oil (preferably extra-virgin), 6 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese (about 1 ounce), 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 ounce), 1/4 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 medium russet potatoes (about 3/4 pound), peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 6 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut into 3-inch lengths, 1 pound trenette, Additional freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese.Basil is one of the favorite ingredients of the Italian region of Liguria, and there is no place in the world where it is more fragrant or put to such delicious use. It's the basis of the classic Genoese sauce, pesto, in which it is partnered with garlic, olive oil, pine nuts, and Parmesan and Pecorino Romano cheeses. It shows up most typically floating atop minestrone, drizzled over potato gnocchi, or - as here - tossed with trenette (the local ribbon pasta), potatoes and green beans.  Food Processor Pasta Potato Vegetarian Lunch Basil Green Bean Healthy Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.