Trout with Peppercorn Crust, Bacon and Red Cabbage recipe.  Open both trout and arrange, skin side down, on work surface. Sprinkle trout with salt, then peppercorns; press peppercorns to adhere. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towels and drain. Add trout, skin side up, to drippings in skillet. Sauté until brown, about 3 minutes. Using large spatula, turn trout over. Sauté until cooked through, about 4 minutes longer. Transfer trout, skin side down, to plates. Add cabbage, onions and thyme to same skillet. Sauté until cabbage wilts, about 3 minutes. Add wine and bacon and simmer until cabbage is just tender, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon cabbage mixture alongside trout and serve. Trout with Peppercorn Crust, Bacon and Red Cabbage has 596.0 calories. Trout with Peppercorn Crust, Bacon and Red Cabbage has 58.0 grams of protein. Trout with Peppercorn Crust, Bacon and Red Cabbage has 33.0 grams of fat. Trout with Peppercorn Crust, Bacon and Red Cabbage has 445.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Trout with Peppercorn Crust, Bacon and Red Cabbage are 2 8-to-10 ounce trout, boned, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black peppercorns, 3 thick-cut bacon slices, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 cups coarsely shredded red cabbage (about 6 ounces), 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, 1/3 cup dry white wine.Way up in Maine, in the coastal town of Blue Hill, is Jonathan's, a small place much favored by locals. Owner Jonathan Chase and chef Richard Hanson both love fish, whether from the sea or from freshwater lakes and streams. This colorful main course is good with buttered and dilled new potatoes. Round out the meal with a green salad, and end with a slice of lattice-topped blueberry pie. (If necessary, have the fishmonger bone the trout, or use four small fillets.).  Sauté Quick & Easy Bacon Trout White Wine Cabbage Bon Appétit.