Tuna Steak and Vegetable Sandwiches recipe.  Preheat broiler. Combine 3/4 cup oil and next 3 ingredients in small bowl. Arrange eggplant slices, zucchini and bell pepper on broiler pan. Brush on both sides with oil mixture. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil until brown, watching closely, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to platter. Place bread on broiler pan. Brush top side with oil mixture and sprinkle with pepper. Broil until top side is brown. Transfer to work surface, browned side up. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Season tuna with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and sauté until just cooked through, about 30 seconds per side. Place tuna on half of bread slices. Sprinkle with chopped marjoram. Top with vegetables and arugula, then remaining bread slices, browned side down. Tuna Steak and Vegetable Sandwiches has 821.0 calories. Tuna Steak and Vegetable Sandwiches has 38.0 grams of protein. Tuna Steak and Vegetable Sandwiches has 51.0 grams of fat. Tuna Steak and Vegetable Sandwiches has 377.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tuna Steak and Vegetable Sandwiches are 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar or red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram or 2 teaspoons dried, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 Japanese eggplants, trimmed, cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-thick slices, 2 zucchini, trimmed, cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-thick slices, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 1/3-inch-wide strips, 8 1/2-inch-thick slices country bread or sourdough bread, 1 1-pound tuna steak, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, Chopped fresh marjoram or pinch of dried, Arugula.Eggplant, zucchini, bell pepper and arugula share the stage with slices of tuna steak in the Mediterranean-inspired sandwich. Spoon the lentil salad alongside and offer chilled beer. Fresh pears and crisp biscotti round things out nicely.  Sandwich Vegetable Broil Quick & Easy Lunch Tuna Eggplant Arugula Bell Pepper Zucchini Summer Healthy Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.