Turkey Enchiladas Adobo recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Stack tortillas and wrap in foil. Warm in oven until heated through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil in 12-inch ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in enchilada sauce, 2 tablespoons cilantro, and chopped chiles. Simmer over medium heat 5 minutes to blend flavors, stirring often. While enchilada sauce simmers, mix turkey, 1/2 cup bell peppers, 2 tablespoons cilantro, and 1 teaspoon adobo sauce in small bowl. Unwrap tortillas and arrange in single layer on work surface. Fill each tortilla with about 1/4 cup turkey mixture and roll up. Preheat broiler. Place enchiladas, seam side down, in simmering sauce, spooning some sauce over each. Remove from heat. Sprinkle with cheese and remaining 1/4 cup bell peppers. Place skillet in broiler and cook until enchiladas are heated through and cheese is melted, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle enchiladas with remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro and serve. Turkey Enchiladas Adobo has 457.0 calories. Turkey Enchiladas Adobo has 40.0 grams of protein. Turkey Enchiladas Adobo has 25.0 grams of fat. Turkey Enchiladas Adobo has 1359.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Turkey Enchiladas Adobo are 8 6-inch-diameter corn tortillas, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 16-ounce can or jar enchilada sauce, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, divided, 2 teaspoons chopped canned chipotle chiles plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 2 cups (about 10 ounces) diced roasted turkey, 3/4 cup 1/3-inch dice assorted red, green, yellow, and/or orange bell peppers, divided, 1 cup (packed) grated Monterey Jack cheese or Mexican-style cheese blend (about 4 ounces).Chipotle chiles are quite spicy; choosing a mild enchilada sauce will temper the heat of this dish. Look for chipotle chiles canned in a spicy tomato sauce, sometimes called adobo, in the Latin American foods section of the supermarket. Serve with: Avocado, red onion, and grapefruit salad with citrus vinaigrette, and Spanish rice.  Cheese Poultry turkey Broil Sauté Bell Pepper Hot Pepper Fall Winter Cilantro Tortillas Bon Appétit.