Turkey and Mushroom Risotto recipe. Bring stock to a simmer in a medium pot over medium heat. Reduce heat to low. Cover and keep warm. Meanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large pot over medium heat until it begins to foam. Add onion. Sauté, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft and translucent and just beginning to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, and any liquid released has evaporated, 5-7 minutes. Add rice; stir to coat. Add 1/2 cup warm stock and stir constantly until liquid is absorbed. Continue adding stock by 1/2-cupfuls, stirring constantly, until rice is tender but still firm to the bite, about 20 minutes. Add leftover turkey meat, if using; stir to combine and to warm through, adding a little stock or water if necessary to keep mixture creamy, about 3 minutes. Stir Parmesan and remaining 1 tablespoons butter into risotto. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide among warm bowls. Garnish with chopped parsley. Turkey and Mushroom Risotto has 899.0 calories. Turkey and Mushroom Risotto has 72.0 grams of protein. Turkey and Mushroom Risotto has 31.0 grams of fat. Turkey and Mushroom Risotto has 512.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Turkey and Mushroom Risotto are 8 cups Day-After Turkey Stock, 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, divided, 1 small yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups assorted fresh mushrooms (preferably wild, but white buttons will do), thinly sliced, 2 cups arborio or carnaroli rice, 1 cup shredded leftover turkey meat (optional), 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley.The best leftover dish is the first sandwich you make from what's left of the turkey, standing barefoot in a quiet kitchen lighted only by the dim bulb above the stove: thick toast with mayo and cranberry sauce and dressing and slices of just-carved meat.
No, scratch that (though it's delicious and you should make two or three). The best leftover recipe is risotto with turkey and wild mushrooms, the grains of rice plump with turkey broth and made nutty with cheese. The soft richness of the meal recalls Thanksgiving, then amplifies the memory, giving it a rakish flair.  Mushroom Onion Rice turkey Thanksgiving Dinner Lunch Parmesan Fall Simmer Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.