Turkey Breast Stuffed with Sausage, Fennel, and Golden Raisins recipe.  Finely chop white part of onions. Place green parts side by side on 15x10x1-inch heavy rimmed baking sheet to form mat. Mix chopped onions, sausage, raisins, 1 1/2 teaspoons fennel, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in medium bowl. Place turkey on work surface, skin side down. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon sausage mixture in row between breast halves. Starting at 1 long side, roll up turkey breast to enclose filling. Tie with kitchen string at 1-inch intervals to hold shape. Place turkey atop onion mat. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush oil all over turkey. Sprinkle with salt, pepper, and 2 teaspoons fennel. Roast until thermometer inserted into filling registers 155°F, basting turkey every 15 minutes with 1/4 cup broth and adding more broth to pan if drippings burn, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Transfer to platter; let stand 5 minutes. Set baking sheet with onions atop 2 burners. Add 1 cup broth to baking sheet. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, scraping up browned bits. Boil 2 minutes. Strain pan juices into medium bowl; discard solids. Serve turkey with pan juices. Turkey Breast Stuffed with Sausage, Fennel, and Golden Raisins has 623.0 calories. Turkey Breast Stuffed with Sausage, Fennel, and Golden Raisins has 61.0 grams of protein. Turkey Breast Stuffed with Sausage, Fennel, and Golden Raisins has 35.0 grams of fat. Turkey Breast Stuffed with Sausage, Fennel, and Golden Raisins has 685.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Turkey Breast Stuffed with Sausage, Fennel, and Golden Raisins are 12 green onions, 3/4 pound Italian sweet sausages, casings removed, 1/2 cup golden raisins, 3 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 3-pound boneless whole turkey breast, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 1/4 cups (about) low-salt chicken broth.No carving required: Have the butcher bone the turkey breast, leaving the breast halves attached; then just slice at the table before serving. In addition to the sweet potatoes and cranberries, serve buttered green beans and bread alongside the turkey. Pour Chardonnay or Zinfandel, and finish off with the classic pumpkin pie, dolled up with one of the recommendations on the next page.  Pork Poultry turkey Roast Thanksgiving Raisin Sausage Fall Bon Appétit.