Turkey with Chardonnay and Herbs recipe.  Combine first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Let stand 1 hour. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 350#176;F. Place carrots, celery and onions in bottom of large roasting pan. Roll leg-thigh pieces of turkey into loaf shapes and tie with string at 1 1/2-inch intervals to hold shape. Rub herb-oil mixture over all turkey pieces. Season turkey with salt and pepper. Place turkey pieces atop vegetables. Pour wine and 1 cup broth around turkey in pan. Bake until leg-thigh pieces register 180°F on thermometer and breast pieces register 170°F on thermometer, basting occasionally with pan juices, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Transfer turkey to platter. Tent with foil to keep warm. Strain pan juices into large glass measuring cup. Spoon fat from pan juices. Add enough remaining broth to measure 6 cups liquid. Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and stir 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in pan juices and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until thickened to sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove string from leg-thigh pieces. Slice all turkey pieces. Arrange slices on platter; serve, passing gravy separately. Turkey with Chardonnay and Herbs has 2057.0 calories. Turkey with Chardonnay and Herbs has 134.0 grams of protein. Turkey with Chardonnay and Herbs has 155.0 grams of fat. Turkey with Chardonnay and Herbs has 697.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Turkey with Chardonnay and Herbs are 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons dried sage, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 cup chopped carrots, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 14-pound turkey, boned, cut into 2 breast pieces and 2 leg-thigh pieces, 3 cups Chardonnay or other dry white wine, 3 cups (about) canned low-salt chicken broth, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, 6 tablespoons all purpose flour.Have the butcher bone the turkey, providing two boned breasts and two boned leg-thigh pieces. Each should weigh about 1 1/2 pounds. Save the bones for turkey stock.  turkey Roast Rosemary Sage Thyme Bon Appétit Beverly Hills California.