Tuscan Turkey Soupy Noodles recipe. Break down carcass into smaller pieces. Simmer carcass, water, reserved leek greens, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a 7- to 10-quart heavy pot, uncovered, skimming froth, 3 hours. Discard large bones with a slotted spoon or tongs, then strain stock through a large sieve into a large bowl discard solids). If stock measures less than 10 cups, add water. If it measures more, boil until reduced. If using stock right away, let stand until fat rises to top, 1 to 2 minutes, then skim off and discard fat. If not, chill covered once cool) before removing fat. It will be easier to remove when cool or cold.) Cook garlic in oil in cleaned pot over medium heat, stirring, until pale golden, about 1 minute. Add onion and 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in chopped leeks and rosemary and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until leeks are softened, about 5 minutes. Add carrots, celery, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and stock and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in pasta and briskly simmer soup, stirring occasionally, until pasta is al dente. Add spinach and stir until wilted. Tuscan Turkey Soupy Noodles has 255.0 calories. Tuscan Turkey Soupy Noodles has 11.0 grams of protein. Tuscan Turkey Soupy Noodles has 9.0 grams of fat. Tuscan Turkey Soupy Noodles has 205.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tuscan Turkey Soupy Noodles are Carcass from a 12- to 14-pound roast turkey, including skin, or 6 pound turkey wings, 4 quarts water, 2 medium leeks, greens reserved and white and pale green parts washed (see Cooking Tips) and chopped, 6 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 3 carrots, chopped, 3 celery ribs, chopped, 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, drained and chopped, 8 ounces dried egg pasta squares (such as Cipriani brand tagliardi), or dried no-boil egg lasagne sheets (such as Barilla), broken into roughly 1- to 1 1/2-inch pieces, 5 to 8 ounces baby spinach, grated Parmigiano-Reggiano.Turkey soup may be the end of the line for turkey leftovers, but it doesn't have to be boring and predictable. The hearty essence of the roasted holiday bird is concentrated into a deeply satisfying broth, thick with noodles and laced with garlic, rosemary, and tomatoes. This is a guaranteed crowd pleaser whether it's just the family or a last minute gathering of friends. And thanks to the ready availability of turkey wings, executive food editor Kemp M. Minifie bets you won't want to wait until next Thanksgiving to make it again.  Soup Stew Garlic Onion Pasta Tomato turkey Thanksgiving Dinner Rosemary Leek Spinach Party Gourmet Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.