Tuscan Porterhouse Steak with Red Wine-Peppercorn Jus recipe. Let steak sit at room temperature 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 450°F. Pat steak dry and season both sides with peppercorns and kosher salt. Heat oil and 1 tablespoon of butter in skillet over medium heat until butter melts. Add rosemary, thyme, and garlic and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until herbs and garlic are fragrant, about 1 minute. Add steak and cook until nicely browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer skillet to oven and cook until an instant-read thermometer registers 110°F for medium-rare, about 5 minutes or 120°F for medium, about 10 minutes). Transfer steak with tongs to a small platter, reserving skillet, and let rest 10 minutes. While steak rests, pour off oil from skillet, leaving garlic and herbs in skillet. Add wine and boil over medium-high heat, scraping up browned bits, until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add chicken broth and any meat juices from platter and boil until reduced by half, 5 to 6 minutes. Whisk in remaining 2 tablespoons butter until incorporated, then season with salt and keep warm. To carve: Transfer the steak to a cutting board and cut meat off both sides of the bone you should have two solid pieces of steak). Thinly slice each piece, then rearrange the slices around the bone on a platter. Drizzle with the jus. Tuscan Porterhouse Steak with Red Wine-Peppercorn Jus has 1033.0 calories. Tuscan Porterhouse Steak with Red Wine-Peppercorn Jus has 73.0 grams of protein. Tuscan Porterhouse Steak with Red Wine-Peppercorn Jus has 75.0 grams of fat. Tuscan Porterhouse Steak with Red Wine-Peppercorn Jus has 2128.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Tuscan Porterhouse Steak with Red Wine-Peppercorn Jus are 1 (1 1/2-pound) porterhouse steak (1- to 1 1/4-inches thick), 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, coarsely crushed (see Cooks' Notes), 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces, divided, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 (4-inch) sprigs fresh rosemary, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1/2 cup medium-bodied dry red wine (such as Chianti, Rioja, or merlot), 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth, Special equipment: ovenproof 12-inch heavy skillet.A porterhouse is the perfect steak for two to share because it contains good-sized portions of two of the most prized muscles in a steer, each located on either side of the center bone. The top loin, the larger of the two, is the same piece of gorgeous meat as that steakhouse staple, the New York strip. The tenderloin, attached to the other side of the bone, may be smaller, but it's a much larger portion (technically, it has to be 1 1/4-inches in diameter) than you get in a T-bone steak. If you can find dry aged, try it. It's a bit more expensive but yields more tender and flavorful meat. We pan-roast the steak with the Tuscan stalwarts of garlic, rosemary, and thyme, then serve it with a velvety red wine reduction.  Wine Beef Valentine's Day Meat Steak Red Wine Winter Gourmet.