Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes with Bacon-Sesame Brittle recipe. Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Cook bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat until most of the fat is rendered and bacon is starting to crisp. Transfer bacon to a sieve set over a small bowl; reserve drippings. Return bacon, 1 tablespoon drippings, sugar, and sesame seeds to same skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until sugar turns the color of milk chocolate, about 5 minutes. Transfer mixture to prepared baking sheet and use a spatula to spread out evenly; let cool. Break brittle into shards. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Preheat oven to 400°F. Place sweet potatoes on a foil-lined baking sheet. Roast until tender, 45-55 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle. Slice potatoes in half lengthwise. Working over a large bowl, scoop out flesh from 8 halves, leaving a 1/2"-thick layer inside skins. Place potato halves on same foil-lined baking sheet. Scoop flesh from remaining 4 halves; discard skins. Mash flesh with a whisk; add eggs, butter, miso, and ginger and stir until mixture is smooth. Spoon or pipe filling into reserved skins. DO AHEAD: Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Bake potatoes until the tops are lightly puffed and golden brown, 30-35 minutes potatoes will take longer if they've been chilled). Top potatoes with bacon-sesame brittle and scallions. Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes with Bacon-Sesame Brittle has 286.0 calories. Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes with Bacon-Sesame Brittle has 6.0 grams of protein. Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes with Bacon-Sesame Brittle has 12.0 grams of fat. Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes with Bacon-Sesame Brittle has 197.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes with Bacon-Sesame Brittle are 4 slices bacon, cut into 1/2"-wide pieces, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 6 medium sweet potatoes (6-8 ounces each), 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 tablespoons white miso (fermented soybean paste), 1 2/3" piece ginger, peeled, finely grated (about 2 teaspoons), 2 1" pieces scallion (dark-green parts only), thinly sliced lengthwise, Ingredient info: White miso, also called shiro miso, can be found at Asian markets and amazon.com..Serve these sweet and savory potatoes as a side dish for pork or duck, or as a main course with a salad on the side.  Soy Side Bake Bacon Root Vegetable Sweet Potato Yam Sesame Bon Appétit Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.