Two-Layer Cake recipe. Preheat oven to 375°F. In a large bowl, stir together the butter and sugar until well combined. Add the egg and vanilla and mix thoroughly. Set aside. In a separate bowl, stir together the baking powder, salt, and flour. Sift the dry ingredients into the butter mixture and stir. Gradually add the milk and stir until the batter is smooth. Grease and flour two 9-inch baking pans, pour the batter in, and bake until a toothpick stuck into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Remove Beat the butter on high until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and milk and beat while gradually adding the sugar. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before frosting the cake. Beat the butter on high until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and milk and beat while gradually adding the sugar. Beat again. Divide the mixture among four bowls and stir a couple of drops of food coloring into each. Cut the tips off disposable plastic pastry bags and insert metal flower tips. Fill each bag of the way with colored frosting, then cinch the open ends with rubber bands. To decorate as pictured above, squeeze rosettes onto a 9-inch parchment round and let the frosting set for a few minutes. Using a thin metal spatula, transfer the flowers from the parchment to the frosted cake. Two-Layer Cake has 404.0 calories. Two-Layer Cake has 1.0 grams of protein. Two-Layer Cake has 15.0 grams of fat. Two-Layer Cake has 52.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Two-Layer Cake are 1/4 cup unsalted butter (1/2 stick), at room temperature, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cake flour or bleached flour, 1/3 cup whole milk, 1 cup unsalted butter (2 sticks), at room temperature, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1/2 cup whole milk, 32 ounces confectioners' sugar, 1 1/2 cups unsalted butter (3 sticks), at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole milk, 48 ounces confectioners' sugar, 4 (or more) different shades of food coloring. Cake Milk Cream Mixer Dairy Egg Dessert Bake Kid-Friendly Vanilla Cookie Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.