Upscale Macaroni and Cheese recipe.  Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add bell peppers and celery and sauté until just beginning to soften, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper. Combine cream, half and half and blue cheese in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until cheese melts. Remove from heat. Add celery seeds. Season sauce with cayenne, salt and pepper. Beat yolks in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in half of cheese sauce. Return mixture to saucepan and whisk to blend. Add celery leaves. Butter 13 3/4x10 1/2x2 3/4-inch 4-quart capacity) oval baking dish. Cook pasta in pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Return to same pot. Add sauce and vegetables; stir to blend. Transfer to baking dish. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before continuing.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle Parmesan over surface of pasta. Bake until pasta is heated through, sauce is bubbling and top is beginning to brown, about 25 minutes. Upscale Macaroni and Cheese has 426.0 calories. Upscale Macaroni and Cheese has 17.0 grams of protein. Upscale Macaroni and Cheese has 24.0 grams of fat. Upscale Macaroni and Cheese has 530.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Upscale Macaroni and Cheese are 2 tablespoons (1/4 sticks) butter, 3 large red bell peppers (about 1 1/2 pounds), cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 5 celery stalks, chopped, 1 1/2 cups whipping cream, 1 1/2 cups half and half, 1 pound blue cheese, crumbled, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, Cayenne pepper, 3 large egg yolks, 1/2 cup chopped celery leaves, 1 pound penne, 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 2 ounces).Everyone's favorite childhood dish gets a sophisticated twist with the addition of red bell peppers, celery and blue cheese. But never fear: The kid in you — and all the kids — will love it.  Cheese Pasta Side Bake Vegetarian Lunch Blue Cheese Celery Bell Pepper Winter Potluck Bon Appétit Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.