Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries recipe.  Combine rhubarb, strawberries, bourbon, and sugar in a medium bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean. Cut bean into 4 pieces and add to bowl; stir mixture until sugar begins to dissolve. Place four 16x12" sheets of parchment paper, or heavy-duty foil if grilling, on a work surface. Divide mixture evenly among sheets, arranging on one side of each sheet. Fold parchment over mixture and crimp edges tightly to form a sealed packet. DO AHEAD: Foil packets can be made 4 hours ahead; parchment packets should not be made ahead. Chill. Let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before continuing. Preheat oven to 425°F. Place packets on a small rimmed baking sheet. Alternatively, build a medium fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to medium-high. Bake or grill packets until rhubarb is tender but not mushy carefully open 1 packet to check; steam will escape), 10-12 minutes for thinner rhubarb, 14-16 minutes for thicker. Carefully cut open packets. Transfer mixture to bowls. Top with yogurt, honey, and pistachios. Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries has 400.0 calories. Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries has 9.0 grams of protein. Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries has 3.0 grams of fat. Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries has 25.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Vanilla-Roasted Rhubarb and Strawberries are 4 rhubarb stalks (about 1 pound), trimmed, cut on a sharp diagonal into 2-inch pieces, 12 large strawberries (about 1/2 pound), hulled and halved, 1/4 cup bourbon or water, 1/4 cup sugar, 1 4-inch piece of vanilla bean, split lengthwise, Greek yogurt, honey, chopped pistachios.Stew fruit in parcels to infuse it with vanilla and bourbon, then serve it with a dollop of Greek yogurt (or ice cream).  Bourbon Fruit Dessert Roast Fourth of July Vegetarian Quick & Easy Low Cal High Fiber Low Sodium Backyard BBQ Strawberry Vanilla Summer Low Cholesterol Rhubarb Bon Appétit Fat Free Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.