Veal Chops with Sherry Gastrique and Roasted Peperonata recipe.  Boil all ingredients in large saucepan until reduced to generous 2/3 cup, about 30 minutes. DO AHEAD: can be made 3 days ahead. Cool, cover, and chill. Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle veal on each side with coarse salt, pepper, 1/8 teaspoon allspice, 1/2 teaspoon thyme; dust generously with flour. Heat 1 tablespoon chicken fat in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add 3 chops. Sear until brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining veal chops. Place chops in oven and roast until cooked to desired doneness, about 5 minutes for medium-rare 135°F). Transfer chops to plates. Reserve baking sheet. Meanwhile, stir broth and cornstarch in small bowl to dissolve. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon drippings from skillet. Add broth mixture, gastrique, and any juices from baking sheet to skillet. Bring to boil, scraping up browned bits. Boil until sauce thickens to desired consistency. Spoon gastrique over each chop. Serve with peperonata and remaining gastrique. This dish needs a red wine with good acidity. The HAGAFEN 2008 NAPA VALLEY PINOT NOIR is top tier, and it's kosher. California, $32). Veal Chops with Sherry Gastrique and Roasted Peperonata has 154.0 calories. Veal Chops with Sherry Gastrique and Roasted Peperonata has 2.0 grams of protein. Veal Chops with Sherry Gastrique and Roasted Peperonata has 5.0 grams of fat. Veal Chops with Sherry Gastrique and Roasted Peperonata has 35.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Veal Chops with Sherry Gastrique and Roasted Peperonata are 2 cups cream sherry, 1 1/2 cups low-salt chicken broth, 2/3 cup sherry wine vinegar, 1/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar, 6 1-to 1 1/4-inch-thick veal rib chops coarse kosher salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground allspice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, All purpose flour, 2 tablespoons chicken fat or olive oil, divided, 1/3 cup low-salt chicken broth, 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch, Roasted Peperonata.A Sweet-sour peperonata (roasted peppers, garlic, and raisins) and a Sherry reduction balance the veal's richness.  Garlic Roast Hanukkah Quick & Easy Dinner Raisin Veal Bell Pepper Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.