Veal Scallops with Bacon and Potatoes recipe. Cook bacon in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to small bowl. Add potatoes to drippings in skillet. Cover and cook until potatoes are tender, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Transfer potatoes to medium bowl; cover to keep warm. Reserve skillet. Sprinkle veal with salt and pepper; coat with flour and shake off excess. Add butter to skillet and melt over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add veal to skillet and cook until brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer veal to platter. Add broth, vermouth, garlic, and thyme to skillet and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits. Boil until sauce is reduced to 3/4 cup, about 3 minutes. Mix in bacon. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over veal. Surround with potatoes; serve. Veal Scallops with Bacon and Potatoes has 454.0 calories. Veal Scallops with Bacon and Potatoes has 32.0 grams of protein. Veal Scallops with Bacon and Potatoes has 16.0 grams of fat. Veal Scallops with Bacon and Potatoes has 948.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Veal Scallops with Bacon and Potatoes are 3 thick-cut bacon slices, chopped, 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 3/4 pounds veal scallops, 1/2 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, 1 cup canned low-salt chicken broth, 1/3 cup dry vermouth, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme.Hélène Wagner-Popoff writes, "My husband, Ivan, and I moved to Corsica from Madagascar eleven years ago on a whim. We restored an abandoned convent and saved the thousand-year-old olive grove surrounding it. The fact that I live in the country — with the luxury of having a garden full of wonderful ingredients — makes it easy for me to love cooking. I like to surprise my family and guests with unexpected flavor combinations that don't take a lot of effort.".  Pork Potato Tomato Roast Dinner Veal Bacon Bon Appétit France Sugar Conscious Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.