Veal, Carrot and Chestnut Ragoût recipe.  Preheat oven to 400°F. Using small sharp knife, cut an X in each chestnut. Place in roasting pan. Bake until tender and shells loosen, about 35 minutes. Cool slightly. Remove hard shell and papery brown skin from each nut. Set nuts aside. Pat veal pieces dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add veal to pot and cook until brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer veal to large bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in same pot. Add onion, garlic and bay leaf. Reduce heat to medium; cover and cook until onion is tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Stir in broth and wine. Add veal and any accumulated juices from bowl. Bring to boil. Reduce heat. Cover; simmer 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add carrots to stew. Cover and cook until carrots are almost tender, about 25 minutes. Uncover and cook until meat is very tender and liquid is reduced to thin sauce consistency, about 25 minutes longer. Stir in nuts and sage. Simmer until nuts are heated through, about 3 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Transfer ragout to bowl. Veal, Carrot and Chestnut Ragoût has 488.0 calories. Veal, Carrot and Chestnut Ragoût has 45.0 grams of protein. Veal, Carrot and Chestnut Ragoût has 20.0 grams of fat. Veal, Carrot and Chestnut Ragoût has 225.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Veal, Carrot and Chestnut Ragoût are 18 fresh chestnuts, 2 1/2 pounds veal stew meat, cut into 2x1-inch pieces, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1/2 cups chopped onion, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 bay leaf, 2 1/2 cups canned low-salt chicken broth, 3/4 cup dry white wine, 6 medium carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage.Chestnuts are harvested in the area around Alba and figure in many savory and sweet dishes there, particularly stews like this ragout. Gathered after they have fallen, chestnuts are traditionally served with game, but they also pair well with veal-another staple of northern Italian cuisine. If fresh chestnuts are unavailable, roasted vacuum-packed chestnuts-sold in jars in the specialty foods section of many supermarkets-can be used. Supply crusty bread for soaking up the juices. Accompany with a radicchio and escarole salad, and uncork a Barolo.  Nut Vegetable Stew High Fiber Dinner Meat Veal Carrot Fall Chestnut Bon Appétit Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.