Veal Breast Stuffed with Corn Bread and Sausage recipe. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage, celery and onion and cook until brown, stirring frequently, about 12 minutes. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Add corn bread crumbs, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper. Mix in eggs and pine nuts. Set stuffing aside. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Arrange veal bone side down on work surface. Fill pocket with stuffing. Close with skewer. Place any remaining stuffing in small baking dish; cover with foil. Place veal in large roasting pan. Rub outside with basil and rosemary. Sprinkle with 3 tablespoons vinegar. Roast veal 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Combine remaining 5 tablespoons vinegar with chicken stock. Continue roasting veal 2 hours, basting every 30 minutes with stock mixture and pan drippings. Place stuffing in baking dish in oven for last 30 minutes.) Transfer veal to heated platter. Slice thinly. Serve with any extra stuffing. Veal Breast Stuffed with Corn Bread and Sausage has 1610.0 calories. Veal Breast Stuffed with Corn Bread and Sausage has 115.0 grams of protein. Veal Breast Stuffed with Corn Bread and Sausage has 93.0 grams of fat. Veal Breast Stuffed with Corn Bread and Sausage has 2014.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Veal Breast Stuffed with Corn Bread and Sausage are 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped onion, 3 cups 3-day-old corn bread crumbs, 1/2 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 eggs, beaten to blend, 1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted (about 2 1/2 ounces), 1 4-pound veal breast, trimmed, with pocket, 2 tablespoons dried basil, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 8 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 1/4 cups chicken stock.Ask your butcher to make a "pocket" in the veal breast for you.  Herb Roast Veal Sausage Pine Nut Bon Appétit New York.