Veal Cacciatore recipe. Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Bring wine to a simmer in a small saucepan. Stir in porcini and remove from heat. Pat veal dry and season with 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wide 6-to 8-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then brown veal, turning, about 12 minutes. Transfer veal to a plate. Discard fat from pot and add remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add pancetta and sauté over medium-high heat until it begins to brown. Add onions and sauté until softened, about 8 minutes. Drain porcini in a fine-mesh sieve set over a bowl, pressing on mushrooms and reserving wine. Coarsely chop porcini and add to pancetta mixture with carrots, celery, and garlic. Sauté until softened, about 8 minutes. Stir in wine and cook until most has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Coarsely chop tomatoes and add to pot with their juice. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 15 minutes. Add veal with meat juices from plate, rosemary, bay leaves, and olives. Cover pot and braise veal in oven, turning roast occasionally, until center of meat is fork-tender, 2 3/4 to 3 hours. Transfer veal to a cutting board and let stand, loosely covered. Simmer sauce over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and a pinch of sugar if desired. Cut off strings from roast and discard bay leaves and rosemary. Thickly slice veal and return to pot, basting with sauce. Veal Cacciatore has 630.0 calories. Veal Cacciatore has 75.0 grams of protein. Veal Cacciatore has 32.0 grams of fat. Veal Cacciatore has 518.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Veal Cacciatore are 2/3 cup dry white wine, 1/3 cup broken dried porcini (1/4 ounce), 1 (5-to 6-pound) boneless veal shoulder roast, 1/4 cup olive oil, divided, 1/4 pound sliced pancetta, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes in juice, 1 1/2 (6-inch) rosemary sprigs, 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California, 1/3 cup small brine-cured black olives such as Niçoise, Accompaniment: polenta.Chicken cacciatore is a ubiquitous dish in Italian-American restaurants, but we think it is even more delicious when made with veal shoulder roast. Slowly braising the meat in a heady tomato sauce enriched with pancetta, olives, and porcini produces a dish so good, you'll find yourself sneaking nibbles all the way to the table. It's even better the next day—if you can contain yourself.  Olive Onion Tomato Braise Sauté Dinner Veal White Wine Family Reunion Gourmet Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.