Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta recipe. Arrange a rack in center of oven; preheat to 450°F. Mix rice, 1 Tbsp. oil, a pinch of salt, and 5 cups water in a medium heavy saucepan. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until rice is al dente, about 25 minutes. Drain, then rinse with cool water; set aside. Meanwhile, zest 1 orange and transfer zest to a small bowl; reserve orange. Toss parsnips, garlic, rosemary, cayenne, 1/2 cup oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp. orange zest on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing once halfway through, until fork-tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Toast hazelnuts on rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 6–8 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Blend ricotta, 2 Tbsp. oil, and 1/2 tsp. salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a whisk) until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Peel remaining orange. Slice into 1/4" rounds, then cut into half moons. Juice reserved orange. Whisk vinegar, honey, pepper, 2 tsp. orange zest, 3 Tbsp. orange juice, and remaining 1/4 cup oil and 1 tsp. salt in another large bowl until smooth. Toss rice, parsnips mixture, lettuce, orange rounds, hazelnuts, and parsley in bowl with vinegar mixture. Spread ricotta mixture on a platter and arrange salad over. Serve immediately. Rice and parsnips can be prepared 2 days ahead; store in separate containers, cover, and chill. Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta has 935.0 calories. Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta has 18.0 grams of protein. Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta has 65.0 grams of fat. Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta has 1061.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Vegetarian Brown Rice Salad With Parsnips and Whipped Ricotta are 3/4 cup short-grain brown rice, 3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more, divided, 2 large oranges, divided, 1 bunch (about 1 1/2 pounds) parsnips, peeled, cut into 1/4" coins, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 4 sprigs rosemary, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup blanched hazelnuts, 1 1/2 cups whole-milk ricotta, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads Little Gem lettuce or baby romaine hearts, torn into bite-size pieces (about 6 cups), 1/2 cup whole parsley leaves.This simple rice salad combines hearty parsnips, toasty hazelnuts, sweet orange segments, and crispy Little Gem lettuce for a bright, refreshing dinner. Creamy whipped ricotta finishes the meal with rich, filling protein. The trick of quickly boiling rice makes this recipe more weeknight-friendly.  Vegetarian Rice Dinner Orange Parsnip Ricotta Hazelnut Lettuce Parsley Wheat Gluten-Free No Meat, No Problem.