Vermont Cheddar Cheese and Herbed Twists recipe.  Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Roll out puff pastry on lightly floured work surface to 18x10-inch rectangle pastry will be thin). Sprinkle 1/3 of cheese mixture evenly over half of pastry; fold plain half of pastry over cheese, forming 10x9-inch rectangle; press to adhere. Repeat 2 more times, rolling to 18x10-inch rectangle, sprinkling with 1/3 of cheese mixture, and folding. Roll out pastry again to 18x10-inch rectangle. Transfer to unlined baking sheet. Chill 30 minutes. Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven; preheat to 425°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut pastry crosswise in half, forming two 10x9-inch rectangles. Trim and discard uneven edges of pastry. Cut each rectangle crosswise into scant 1/2-inch-wide strips. Twist each strip a few times and place on prepared baking sheets, spacing 1/2 inch to 3/4 inch apart, dabbing ends lightly with water and pressing to adhere to parchment. Bake twists until golden brown, reversing position of sheets halfway through baking, about 10 minutes total. Cool twists on sheets. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover twists on sheets tightly with foil and store at room temperature. If desired, rewarm uncovered in 350°F oven until heated through, about 5 minutes.) Serve warm or at room temperature. Vermont Cheddar Cheese and Herbed Twists has 94.0 calories. Vermont Cheddar Cheese and Herbed Twists has 2.0 grams of protein. Vermont Cheddar Cheese and Herbed Twists has 7.0 grams of fat. Vermont Cheddar Cheese and Herbed Twists has 64.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Vermont Cheddar Cheese and Herbed Twists are 1 3/4 cups finely grated sharp white cheddar cheese (about 6 ounces), 3/4 teaspoon dried thyme, 3/4 teaspoon dried rubbed sage, 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed.Purchased puff pastry simplifies this flavorful starter. What to drink: Open a bottle of Champagne or Sancerre to pour with the cheese twists and the Corn and Lobster Chowder.  Cheese Herb Appetizer Bake Cheddar Winter Sage Thyme Phyllo Puff Pastry Dough Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.