Victory Garden Chicken-Vegetable Soup recipe. Bring chicken, water, wine and 1 teaspoon salt to boil in large pot, skimming surface. Cover; simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Transfer chicken breast and thigh pieces to platter leave remaining chicken and stock in pot). Remove meat from bones; cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Cover and chill meat. Return scraps and bones to pot. Cover stock and simmer 1 hour. Strain. Cool stock slightly. Chill overnight. Spoon fat off top and discard. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in large pot over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until golden, about 6 minutes. Add stock and bring to boil. Add potatoes, tomatoes, carrots, green beans and 1 teaspoon salt. Simmer 10 minutes. Add zucchini and corn; simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in spinach and chicken meat. Simmer until chicken is heated through, about 3 minutes. Stir in basil. Season with salt and pepper. Victory Garden Chicken-Vegetable Soup has 739.0 calories. Victory Garden Chicken-Vegetable Soup has 54.0 grams of protein. Victory Garden Chicken-Vegetable Soup has 42.0 grams of fat. Victory Garden Chicken-Vegetable Soup has 1019.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Victory Garden Chicken-Vegetable Soup are 1 3 1/2-pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 8 cups water, 3/4 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 pound red-skinned potatoes, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 pound tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 3 medium carrots, peeled, sliced, 4 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 medium zucchini, trimmed, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 2 cups (packed) thinly sliced fresh spinach leaves, 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh basil.Throughout World War II, everyone who had even a little plot of land was encouraged to grow a vegetable garden. Back then, this comforting soup would most frequently be made from water and contain no chicken, which was a Sunday treat. For convenience, you can skip the first part of this recipe and use six cups of stock or canned broth and omit the chicken altogether. But if you want to make the stock from scratch, be sure to do so a day ahead.  Soup Stew Chicken Potato Tomato Basil Corn Green Bean Spinach Zucchini Fall Bon Appétit.