Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon recipe. Whisk shallots, soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, and Sriracha in a shallow baking dish. Add pork chops and turn to coat. Cover and chill, turning occasionally, at least 1 hour. Prepare grill for medium-high heat. Remove pork chops from marinade, scraping off excess, and grill until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Do ahead: Pork chops can be marinated 12 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Heat 4 tablespoons oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain; season with salt. Whisk vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, and remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add purslane, watermelon, and Pickled Watermelon Rind; season with salt and pepper and toss gently to coat. Serve pork chops with watermelon salad topped with fried shallots. Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon has 781.0 calories. Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon has 64.0 grams of protein. Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon has 47.0 grams of fat. Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon has 1527.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Vietnamese Pork Chops with Pickled Watermelon are 2 small shallots, thinly sliced into rings, 1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam), 2 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha, 4 1"-thick bone-in pork chops (about 2 1/2 pounds total), 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 4 small shallots, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon reduced-sodium soy sauce, 1/4 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups trimmed purslane or arugula, 1/2 pound seedless watermelon, rind removed, cut into pieces, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup Pickled Watermelon Rind , thinly sliced.This dish is a bold mix of salty, sweet, and acidic components. Crunchy slabs of melon and sharp greens keep it fresh; meaty chops provide depth.  Dinner Buffet Watermelon Arugula Summer Bon Appétit Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free.