Vietnamese-Style Spring Rolls with Shrimp recipe.  Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl. Set dipping sauce aside. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add ginger; sauté until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Add shrimp and cilantro; sauté until shrimp are just cooked through, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper. Pour hot water into large bowl. Using tongs, dip 1 spring-roll sheet in water 5 seconds. Remove from water; place on wet towel. Let stand 30 seconds spring-roll sheet should be soft and pliable; if still stiff, sprinkle with more water). Place half of lettuce leaf across top third of spring-roll sheet. Arrange 4 shrimp halves on lettuce. Top with 1 tablespoon each of green onions and cucumber. Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon mint over filling. Fold sides of spring-roll sheet over ends of filling. Starting at filled side, roll into cylinder. Place on plate. Repeat with remaining spring-roll sheets, lettuce, shrimp, green onions, cucumber and mint. Serve with sauce. Vietnamese-Style Spring Rolls with Shrimp has 80.0 calories. Vietnamese-Style Spring Rolls with Shrimp has 3.0 grams of protein. Vietnamese-Style Spring Rolls with Shrimp has 3.0 grams of fat. Vietnamese-Style Spring Rolls with Shrimp has 1493.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Vietnamese-Style Spring Rolls with Shrimp are 1/4 cup fish sauce (nam pla), 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion, 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Pinch of dried crushed red pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 16 uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined, halved lengthwise, 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 4 cups hot water, 8 6-inch-diameter Vietnamese spring-roll sheets, 4 small Bibb lettuce leaves, halved, 1/2 cup thin strips green onions, 1/2 cup thin strips seeded peeled cucumber, 4 teaspoons minced fresh mint leaves.Wrapped foods, such as the Vietnamese spring roll, the Filipino lumpia and the Chinese egg roll, have a long history in Asian cooking and are hot items right now all across America. The lime juice, ginger, cilantro, cucumber and mint in this recipe are found in the cuisines of all Southeast Asian countries. Round out this dinner with hot or iced jasmine tea and cold Thai beer.  Leafy Green Shellfish Vegetable Appetizer Mint Shrimp Cucumber Winter Cilantro Bon Appétit Pescatarian Dairy Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.