Vinegar-Marinated Chicken with Buttered Greens and Radishes recipe.  Season chicken with salt and pepper and place in a large baking dish. Pour 1/4 cup vinegar over chicken and let sit 15–20 minutes. Remove chicken from marinade and pat skin dry. Reserve baking dish no need to wipe it out). Preheat oven to 400°F. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium. Working in batches, cook chicken, skin side down, until skin is golden brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes; turn and cook until other side is just browned, about 4 minutes. Transfer chicken to reserved baking dish; reserve skillet. Bake chicken until cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 165°F, 10–12 minutes. Meanwhile, heat butter in same skillet over medium-high. Add radishes, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until radishes are browned and tender, about 5 minutes. Add mustard greens and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mustard greens are just wilted, about 2 minutes they should still have some spring in their step). Add 2 tablespoons tarragon and remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar; toss to combine. Serve greens and radishes with chicken topped with remaining 2 tablespoons tarragon. Vinegar-Marinated Chicken with Buttered Greens and Radishes has 602.0 calories. Vinegar-Marinated Chicken with Buttered Greens and Radishes has 39.0 grams of protein. Vinegar-Marinated Chicken with Buttered Greens and Radishes has 47.0 grams of fat. Vinegar-Marinated Chicken with Buttered Greens and Radishes has 208.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Vinegar-Marinated Chicken with Buttered Greens and Radishes are 2 pounds skin-on bone-in chicken thighs, Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper, 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 radishes, quartered, halved if small, 1 bunch mustard greens, leaves torn, 4 tablespoons tarragon leaves, divided.Boredom? Never. Try swapping in baby turnips for the radishes and kale or Swiss chard for the mustard greens in this effortless dish.  Chicken Kid-Friendly Dinner Radish Mustard Greens Bon Appétit Sugar Conscious Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.