Walnut and Almond Cake with Orange Syrup recipe.  Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Bring 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water and 1/2 tablespoon orange peel to boil in heavy small saucepan, stirring often; boil 2 minutes. Refrigerate syrup uncovered. Finely grind all nuts, zwieback, cinnamon, and 1/3 cup sugar in processor. Using electric mixer, beat egg yolks, vanilla, 1/3 cup sugar, and remaining 1 tablespoon orange peel in large bowl until very thick, about 4 minutes. Using clean beaters, beat whites and salt in another large bowl to soft peaks. Gradually add 1 cup sugar; beat until stiff but not dry. Fold whites into yolk mixture, then fold in nut mixture. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake cake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Spoon cold syrup over hot cake. Cool completely. Cover; let stand up to 1 day. Cut into squares or diamonds. Walnut and Almond Cake with Orange Syrup has 417.0 calories. Walnut and Almond Cake with Orange Syrup has 11.0 grams of protein. Walnut and Almond Cake with Orange Syrup has 25.0 grams of fat. Walnut and Almond Cake with Orange Syrup has 135.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Walnut and Almond Cake with Orange Syrup are 2 2/3 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 1 1/2 tablespoons grated orange peel, 3 cups walnuts (about 12 ounces), 3 cups almonds (about 12 ounces), 16zwieback rusks, broken coarsely, or 1 cup ground graham crackers, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 large eggs, separated, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon salt."In our family," writes Georgia I. Chletcos of Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, "we have a saying that the Greek kitchen is the original twenty-four-hour diner: It never closes. And being from a Greek family, I can say unequivocally that food is the center of our lives. The great thing about these home-style dishes is that they're generous to the cook and to everyone else: You don't have to be a pro to prepare them, there's always plenty to share, and you'll have a delicious meal on the table in no time.".  Cake Citrus Dessert Bake Almond Walnut Winter Bon Appétit Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.