Walnut Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze recipe. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter bundt pan. Sift together flour, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg, baking soda, baking powder, and salt into a bowl. Beat together butter and sugar in another bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about minutes in a standing mixer or 4 with a handheld. Add yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then add flour mixture and sour cream alternately in batches, mixing well after each addition. Beat egg whites in another bowl with cleaned beaters until they just hold stiff peaks, then fold whites and walnuts into batter gently but thoroughly. Spoon batter into pan, smoothing top, and bake until a wooden pick or skewer comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool cake in pan on a rack 10 minutes, then invert onto rack and cool completely. Whisk together confectioners sugar and lemon juice until smooth. Transfer cake to a plate, then drizzle glaze over cake and let stand until glaze is set, about 20 minutes. Walnut Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze has 464.0 calories. Walnut Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze has 6.0 grams of protein. Walnut Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze has 26.0 grams of fat. Walnut Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze has 393.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Walnut Spice Cake with Lemon Glaze are 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 1/4 cups sour cream, 1 cup walnuts (3 ounces), toasted , cooled, and finely chopped, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Special equipment: a 12-cup bundt pan.If you're looking for something other than pies and tarts, this is the perfect all-purpose spice cake. It's great to have on hand all through the holiday season.  Cake Mixer Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Lemon Walnut Spice Fall Cinnamon Sour Cream Nutmeg Gourmet Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.