Warm Cinnamon-Apple Tart with Currants recipe. Position oven rack in middle of oven and preheat to 400°F. Mix 2 tablespoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon in small bowl. Unfold thawed puff pastry on lightly floured baking sheet. Brush some of egg glaze over 1-inch border of pastry on all sides. Fold 1-inch border over to form raised edge on all sides; press edge to adhere. Using sharp knife, make 1/2-inch-long cuts all around pastry edge, spacing 1/2 inch apart. Pierce center of pastry not edge) all over with fork. Spread 2 tablespoons apricot preserves over center of pastry. Arrange apple slices atop apricot preserves in 3 rows, overlapping apples and fitting tightly together. Brush pastry edge with some of egg glaze. Sprinkle cinnamon-sugar mixture over apples and pastry edge. Bake tart until apples are tender and pastry is brown, about 30 minutes. Transfer tart to rack. Meanwhile, mix remaining 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, remaining 6 tablespoons apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice and 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter in small sauce-pan. Stir apricot sauce over medium heat until melted and hot. Lightly dab some of apricot sauce over apples. Sprinkle with dried currants. Cut warm tart into 4 squares. Top each square with scoop of vanilla ice cream. Drizzle remaining apricot sauce over ice cream and serve. Warm Cinnamon-Apple Tart with Currants has 241.0 calories. Warm Cinnamon-Apple Tart with Currants has 2.0 grams of protein. Warm Cinnamon-Apple Tart with Currants has 8.0 grams of fat. Warm Cinnamon-Apple Tart with Currants has 51.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Warm Cinnamon-Apple Tart with Currants are 2 tablespoons sugar, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry (half of 17.3-ounce package), thawed, 1 egg, beaten to blend (for glaze), 8 tablespoons apricot preserves, 1 Golden Delicious apple (6 ounces), peeled, cored, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Dried currants, Vanilla ice cream.Sophistication in a snap. Purchased puff pastry takes most of the work out of making this beautiful tart.  Berry Fruit Dessert Bake Currant Apple Fall Cinnamon Bon Appétit.