Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad recipe. Bring rice and water to a boil with 1 tablespoon oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a 2-quart heavy saucepan. Cover and cook over low heat until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 50 minutes. Let stand, covered, 10 minutes, then transfer to a shallow baking pan and cool to warm. While rice is standing, cook coriander and cumin seeds in remaining 2 tablespoons oil in 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant and a shade darker, 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic, zucchini, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until zucchini is crisp-tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Toss zucchini mixture with rice, herbs, lemon juice, pecans, and salt and pepper to taste. Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad has 378.0 calories. Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad has 9.0 grams of protein. Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad has 18.0 grams of fat. Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad has 40.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Warm Herbed Coriander Rice Salad are 1 cup long-grain brown basmati rice, rinsed, 1 3/4 cups cold water, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, slightly crushed, 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, slightly crushed, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 medium zucchini (1 1/4 pound), cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1/2 cup chopped mixed herbs such as cilantro, parsley, and mint, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1/2 cup pecans (2 ounces), toasted and coarsely chopped.If you think brown rice isn't for you, think again. In particular, think about brown basmati rice, whose slender grains offer an inviting combination of elegance and earthy chew. Now add in some chunks of zucchini, toasted pecans, lots of fresh herbs, and the mellowness of coriander (left over from Lamb Spice Rub ) and cumin, and you have a salad that's practically a meal.  Herb Side Pecan Zucchini Healthy Party Potluck Brown Rice Coriander Cumin Gourmet Vegan Vegetarian Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.