White Bean Soup with Duck Confit recipe. Quick-soak beans by putting them in cold water to cover by 2 inches in a large pot. Bring to a boil, then boil 1 minute. Remove from heat and cover, then soak 1 hour. Drain, discarding liquid. Remove skin and bones from duck legs, reserving both, then coarsely shred meat. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook reserved bones, onions, carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, and cloves, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, about 8 minutes. Add drained beans, broth, water, and tomatoes and simmer, partially covered, stirring and skimming froth occasionally, until beans are tender, about 50 minutes. Meanwhile, thinly slice reserved skin, then lightly season with salt and pepper. Cook in a dry medium nonstick skillet over low heat, stirring to separate, until fat is rendered and skin is crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Discard bay leaves, bones, and thyme from soup. Transfer 2 cups solids and 1 cup liquid from soup to a blender and blend until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids), then return to soup. Stir in 2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and keep warm, covered. Heat Armagnac in a small saucepan over low heat just until warm, then carefully ignite with a kitchen match use caution; flames will shoot up). When flames subside, stir Armagnac into soup along with meat, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve sprinkled with crisp skin. White Bean Soup with Duck Confit has 559.0 calories. White Bean Soup with Duck Confit has 27.0 grams of protein. White Bean Soup with Duck Confit has 23.0 grams of fat. White Bean Soup with Duck Confit has 551.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of White Bean Soup with Duck Confit are 1 pound dried white beans such as cannellini (2 1/2 cups), picked over and rinsed, 4 Confit Duck Legs at room temperature, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 2 large carrots, finely chopped, 2 celery ribs, finely chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 Turkish bay leaves or 1 California, 2 large thyme sprigs, 2 whole cloves, 5 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth, 8 cups water, 1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained, 1/3 cup Armagnac or Cognac, 1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley.Evocative of cassoulet but so much easier, this bean soup manages to be both rugged and elegant. No part of the confit duck legs goes to waste: The bones add savor to the beans, the meat goes into the soup, and the crisped skin makes a delectable garnish. Flambéing the Armagnac before adding it to the pot takes the edge off the alcohol while leaving behind the deep flavor of the barrel.  Soup Stew Blender Bean Duck Tomato Cognac Armagnac Fall Simmer Gourmet.