White Bean Salad recipe. If you're using dried beans, first rinse them, picking out any stones, and place in a bowl. Cover with cold water and soak for 8 hours, or overnight, then drain the beans and place in a pot. Add the garlic and bay leaf and enough water to cover the beans by at least 1 inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, honey, and shallot. Whisk to combine. When the beans are done, drain them well and place in a medium bowl. Discard the bay leaf and garlic clove. Add one third of the vinaigrette to the warm beans and toss; then let stand for 15 minutes, tossing occasionally. If using canned beans, rinse and drain them, then toss with the vinaigrette. In a small pot of boiling water, cook the snow peas or sugar snap peas for 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, place them in a bowl of ice water. Drain, pat dry, and slice thin. In a large salad bowl, place the cooled beans, snow peas, chives, radishes, and basil. Pour the remaining dressing over and toss lightly. Serve immediately. White Bean Salad has 107.0 calories. White Bean Salad has 2.0 grams of protein. White Bean Salad has 9.0 grams of fat. White Bean Salad has 6.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of White Bean Salad are 1 cup dried small white beans, such as cannellini or Great Northern, or 1 15-ounce can, 1 clove garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 1 cup snow peas or sugar snap peas, 1/2 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 5 mild radishes, such as Lady Slipper radishes, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil.Creamy white beans, fresh basil, and crunchy young vegetables are combined in a light but substantial salad that takes advantage of the first fruits of the spring garden. Use a mild honey, like clover or wildflower. —Chef Sam.  Salad Bean Vegetable Side Vegetarian Lunch Legume Radish Spring Healthy Sugar Snap Pea Lemon Juice Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.