Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese recipe.  Preheat oven to 475°F. Bring wine, oil, kosher salt, juice, butter, red pepper flakes, sugar, bay leaf, and 8 cups water to a boil in a large pot. Add cauliflower, reduce heat, and simmer, turning occasionally, until a knife easily inserts into center, 15-20 minutes. Using 2 slotted spoons or a mesh spider, transfer cauliflower to a rimmed baking sheet, draining well. Roast, rotating sheet halfway through, until brown all over, 30-40 minutes. While cauliflower is roasting, blend goat cheese, cream cheese, feta, cream, and 2 tablespoons oil in a food processor until smooth; season with sea salt. Transfer whipped goat cheese to a serving bowl and drizzle with oil. Transfer cauliflower to a plate. Drizzle with oil; sprinkle with sea salt. Serve with whipped goat cheese. DO AHEAD: Whipped goat cheese can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese has 413.0 calories. Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese has 8.0 grams of protein. Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese has 35.0 grams of fat. Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese has 4051.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Whole Roasted Cauliflower with Whipped Goat Cheese are 2 1/2 cups dry white wine, 1/3 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 bay leaf, 1 head of cauliflower, leaves removed, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, 3 ounces cream cheese, 3 ounces feta, 1/3 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons olive oil plus more for serving, Coarse sea salt (for serving).This dish has become a signature of Domenica chef Alon Shaya. Precooking the cauliflower in seasoned poaching liquid infuses it with flavor; roasting it makes it crisp.  Side Roast Vegetarian Cream Cheese Feta Goat Cheese Cauliflower Spring Winter Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.