Wild Turkey Glazed Ribs recipe. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Line with aluminum foil a shallow roasting pan large enough to hold the ribs in one layer. Combine the bourbon, garlic, honey, mustard, Tabasco, salt, and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl. Stir well to mix. Brush the rack of ribs on both sides with the glaze, then arrange, meaty-side up, in the prepared pan, making sure they don't overlap. Roast the ribs for 20 to 30 minutes to render as much of the fat as possible; pour or spoon off the fat and discard. Reduce the oven temperature to 275°F. and cook the ribs, brushing with reserved marinade every 30 minutes and turning several times, until they're tender and the glaze has caramelized and become crispy and blackened in places, 1 1/2 to 2 hours more. Let the ribs cook for 10 minutes after the last brush with the marinade. To serve, cut the racks into individual ribs and pile them on a platter. Wild Turkey Glazed Ribs has 1327.0 calories. Wild Turkey Glazed Ribs has 73.0 grams of protein. Wild Turkey Glazed Ribs has 107.0 grams of fat. Wild Turkey Glazed Ribs has 1896.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Wild Turkey Glazed Ribs are 1/4 to 1/3 cup Wild Turkey or other good quality bourbon, to taste, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Tabasco sauce, 1 tablespoon coarse (kosher) salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 racks pork spareribs (about 2 pounds each).The slow-sipping, mellow character of bourbon has always suited my palate, in a glass and as an ingredient. Compared to the sophisticated, somewhat standoffish refinement of brandy, bourbon is sturdy and straightforward in the kitchen. Always searching for a way to use bourbon, I've discovered that its sweet, no-nonsense flavor is perfectly at home in this garlicky glaze where it adds depth and a sweet edge to the taste. The recipe makes enough glaze for two racks of spareribs, but it can be doubled if you need more. Serve with collard greens and baked sweet potatoes.  Bourbon Garlic Mustard Bake Marinate Kentucky Derby Pork Rib Honey.