Wild Mushroom and Green Bean Salad with Goat Cheese recipe.  Cook beans in large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Drain. Transfer to bowl of ice water; cool. Drain well. Pat dry with paper towel. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Whisk 4 tablespoons olive oil, vinegar and thyme in small bowl to blend. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper. Set dressing aside. Heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and shallot; sauté until mushrooms are brown, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in 2 tablespoons dressing. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine beans and baby greens in large bowl. Add remaining dressing; toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide salad among 6 plates. Spoon warm mushroom mixture over. Sprinkle with goat cheese and serve. Wild Mushroom and Green Bean Salad with Goat Cheese has 235.0 calories. Wild Mushroom and Green Bean Salad with Goat Cheese has 5.0 grams of protein. Wild Mushroom and Green Bean Salad with Goat Cheese has 19.0 grams of fat. Wild Mushroom and Green Bean Salad with Goat Cheese has 84.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Wild Mushroom and Green Bean Salad with Goat Cheese are 1/2 pound haricots verts or other slender green beans, trimmed, 7 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 pound assorted fresh wild mushrooms (such as oyster, crimini and stemmed shiitake), sliced, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 5-ounce bag mixed baby greens, 3 ounces soft mild goat cheese (such as Montrachet), crumbled (about 3/4 cup)."On Saturday mornings I like to go to the farmers' market near my house and buy whatever produce is at its peak," writes Justin Kulongowski of Portland, Maine. "One weekend I came home with all the ingredients to make this great salad.".  Salad Cheese Dairy Mushroom Vegetable Appetizer Side Goat Cheese Green Bean Fall Summer Bon Appétit Portland Maine Vegetarian Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.