Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping recipe.  Roll out pie crust disk on floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameterglass pie dish. Turn crust edges under and crimp decoratively, forming crust edge 1/4 inch above sides of pie dish. Refrigerate while preparing filling and topping. Whisk 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar and cornstarch in heavy large saucepan to blend. Stir in blueberries and lemon juice. Cook over medium heat until mixture bubbles and thickens, frequently stirring gently, about 13 minutes. Chill filling until cool, about 1 hour. If more sweetness is desired, stir in sugar by tablespoonfuls. Combine first 4 ingredients in processor; blend until mixture begins to clump together. Transfer to bowl; chill 30 minutes. Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Spread blueberry filling evenly in unbaked crust. Sprinkle topping evenly over. Place pie on rimmed baking sheet and bake until crust and topping are golden and filling bubbles thickly, about 50 minutes. Transfer pie to rack and cool completely. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Serve pie with whipped cream or ice cream. Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping has 338.0 calories. Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping has 7.0 grams of protein. Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping has 12.0 grams of fat. Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping has 348.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Wild Blueberry Pie with Almond Crumble Topping are 1 Best-Ever Pie Crust dough disks, 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons (or more) sugar, 1/4 cup cornstarch, 7 cups fresh wild or regular blueberries (32 ounces) or 32 ounces frozen wild or regular blueberries (do not thaw), 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2/3 cup unbleached all purpose flour, 4 ounces marzipan or almond paste, broken into 1/3-inch pieces (about 3/4 cup loosely packed), 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, Whipped cream or ice cream.Wild blueberries are small and flavorful. They can be found fresh at farmers' markets and frozen at supermarkets and specialty foods stores. The little bit of almond in the topping amps up the flavor of the berries.  Food Processor Berry Dairy Fruit Nut Dessert Bake Freeze Chill Fourth of July Blueberry Almond Summer Bon Appétit Kidney Friendly Vegetarian Pescatarian Peanut Free Soy Free Kosher.