Wilted Autumn Greens with Honey Mustard Vinaigrette recipe. Preheat the oven to 400°F. Peel the squash: First cut into two cross sections, scrape out the seeds, and place the squash, flat side down, on a cutting board. Work around the squash with a sharp knife or peeler, making sure to remove the layer of lighter colored flesh under the skin as well as the skin. Dice into 1/2-inch cubes to make about 1 cup reserve any leftovers for another use). Arrange the diced squash and pears on a baking sheet and toss with the oil. Roast until browned, about 20 minutes; set aside at room temperature. Make a cross slit on the rounded end of each chestnut with a sharp paring knife. Place on a baking sheet and roast for 15 minutes, or until the cut sections on the bottoms of the nuts just start to curl. Peel the chestnuts as soon as they are cool enough to handle, as they will peel the easiest when hot. Cut into quarters and set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 350°F. Wrap the shallots in parchment paper and then in aluminum foil. Bake until tender and slightly caramelized, about 1 hour. Once the shallots are cool enough to handle, chop coarsely and set aside. To make the vinaigrette: In a large sauté pan, cook the bacon over medium heat until crispy; transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate and reserve the fat in the pan. Once the fat has cooled slightly, strain through a fine-mesh strainer into a measuring cup that has a spout. in a blender or food processor, combine the mustard, honey, vinegar, thyme, and pepper and blend for 30 seconds. Slowly add the strained warm bacon fat and the oil through the cap of the blender or the feed tube of a food processor, blending until thoroughly combined Pour the vinaigrette into a large mixing bowl. Add the squash and pears, chestnuts, shallots, bacon, komatsuna, tatsoi, and mustard greens to the mixing bowl and toss with the warm vinaigrette. Serve immediately. Wilted Autumn Greens with Honey Mustard Vinaigrette has 476.0 calories. Wilted Autumn Greens with Honey Mustard Vinaigrette has 10.0 grams of protein. Wilted Autumn Greens with Honey Mustard Vinaigrette has 30.0 grams of fat. Wilted Autumn Greens with Honey Mustard Vinaigrette has 337.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Wilted Autumn Greens with Honey Mustard Vinaigrette are 1 medium African or small butternut squash, 2 Moonglow or Asian pears, cored, peeled, and diced (about 1 cup), 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 cup (about 12) chestnuts, 10 shallots, peeled, 1/3 pound (about 2 bunches) tender komatsuna leaves or fresh spinach, torn, 1/3 pound (about 2 heads) tatsoi, torn, 1/3 pound (about 2 bunches) mustard greens, torn, 8 ounces bacon, diced, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons local honey, 1/4 cup Champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1/3 cup canola oil.This is a perfect autumn salad: not so much cooked as wilted greens in a warm, savory-sweet vinaigrette. Here in the South, we are lucky to have so many different greens that grow remarkably well virtually all year round. From the traditional collards, spinach, mustard, and turnip greens to the international varieties that have recently made their way here, including bok choy, tatsoi, and komatsuna, there are a variety of tastes and textures to choose from. No matter where you live, experiment with seasonal greens until you find your favorites. If you're shopping at the farmers' market, most of the vendors will be happy to let you have a few nibbles for taste-testing. The same goes for the squash—you can use butternut, acorn, pumpkin, African, or any similar variety. At Summerland Farm, we are lucky to have American chestnut trees planted by my ancestors, and even luckier that those trees survived the chestnut blight that killed most American chestnuts in the first half of the twentieth century. Fresh chestnuts—often grown in California—are available in many natural foods stores in the cooler months. If you can't find chestnuts, hazelnuts or cashews would make a good substitute.  Salad Leafy Green Mustard Side Bake Dinner Salad Dressing Butternut Squash Fall Winter Honey Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free.