Winter Vegetable Roast with Maple-Mustard Vinaigrette recipe. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Peel parsnips and carrots; depending on size, cut lengthwise in half or quarters, about 4 inches long. In a large bowl, toss parsnips, carrots, onions, and garlic with 1/2 cup olive oil, thyme, rosemary, salt, and pepper. Spread vegetables on one large sheet pan or two smaller pans, and place in oven. Roast for about an hour, turning vegetables once or twice, to get a nice crust on both sides. Meanwhile, heat large skillet, and film with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add tomatoes, cut side down, and caramelize no more than 10 minutes). Sauté in two batches. Remove to bowl, and set aside. While the vegetables are cooking, whisk together remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice, capers, maple syrup, and mustard. Place warm roasted root vegetables on serving platter, and pour dressing over the vegetables. Top with caramelized tomatoes. Winter Vegetable Roast with Maple-Mustard Vinaigrette has 376.0 calories. Winter Vegetable Roast with Maple-Mustard Vinaigrette has 5.0 grams of protein. Winter Vegetable Roast with Maple-Mustard Vinaigrette has 21.0 grams of fat. Winter Vegetable Roast with Maple-Mustard Vinaigrette has 1049.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Winter Vegetable Roast with Maple-Mustard Vinaigrette are 8 medium parsnips, peeled or scrubbed, 8 medium carrots, peeled or scrubbed, 4 medium red onions, peeled and quartered, 2 heads garlic, halved, 1/2 cup plus 4 tablespoons olive oil, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 40 cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 tablespoons capers, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard.Why do I love roast winter vegetables? For starters, because they are fresh, local, and seasonal. Unlike summer produce, they keep for a long time without losing most of their flavor. They feel like winter food: hearty, substantial, rib-sticking. Francis Mallmann quick-roasts them at very high heat in a wood oven until they almost burn. A home oven doesn't put out that kind of thousand-degree heat, but when something as simple as slices of Delicata squash are coated with a little bit of olive oil, sprinkled with kosher or coarse sea salt, and then roasted, they come out of the oven chewy, nutty, sweet, and savory. Part caramelization, part umami, and part Maillard.  Garlic Onion Side Roast Christmas Vegetarian Rosemary Carrot Parsnip Winter Vegan Thyme Potluck Pescatarian Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.