Winter Squash with Spiced Butter recipe. Mix all ingredients except salt in a small bowl until lime juice is incorporated. Season with salt. Cover; keep in a cool place. DO AHEAD: Spiced butter can be made 1 week ahead. Roll into logs, wrap in parchment paper, and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks or freeze for up to 3 months. Trim ends of acorn and kabocha squash and cut in half through the stem end. Scrape out seeds and place squash cut side down on a cutting board do not peel). Cut halves crosswise into 1/2" slices. If using delicata squash, cut crosswise into 1/2" rings; scrape out seeds. Fill a large wide pot with water to a depth of 1/2" and add a pinch of salt; bring to a boil. Add squash slices; reduce heat to mediumlow. Cover and steam, adding more water as needed to maintain 1/2" of water at bottom of pot, until squash is tender but not falling apart, 20-25 minutes. Carefully transfer squash slices to a large platter some squash at bottom of pot may be too soft; save for another purpose4) and season with salt. Reduce water in pot over high heat or add hot water) to measure 3/4 cup. Remove from heat and whisk in spiced butter, 1 tablespoonful at a time, to form a rich, glossy sauce. Season to taste with salt. Drizzle spiced butter over squash. Top with pomegranate seeds. Winter Squash with Spiced Butter has 195.0 calories. Winter Squash with Spiced Butter has 3.0 grams of protein. Winter Squash with Spiced Butter has 12.0 grams of fat. Winter Squash with Spiced Butter has 11.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Winter Squash with Spiced Butter are 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon crushed dried rose petals (optional), 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, 4 pounds assorted small winter squash (such as acorn, kabocha, or delicata), Kosher salt, 3/4 cup pomegranate seeds, Ingredient info: Dried rose petals are available at Middle Eastern markets and kalustyans.com..Traditional Thanksgiving flavors (squash, cinnamon, butter) are given a beautiful Persian accent. The exotic spiced butter is also a treat mixed into couscous.  Side Thanksgiving Vegetarian High Fiber Low Sodium Spice Squash Boil Butter Cardamom Bon Appétit Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free Kosher.