Winter White Salad With Endive and Pomegranate recipe. Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 13–15 minutes. Wrap nuts in a kitchen towel and let steam 1 minute. Rub nuts in towel to remove loose skins don't worry about skins that don't come off) and let cool. Meanwhile, whisk vinegar, orange juice, and 2 tsp. salt in a medium bowl, then whisk in 3 Tbsp. oil in a slow, steady stream. Coarsely chop cooled nuts. Toss with remaining 1 1/2 tsp. oil and a pinch of salt in a large wide bowl. Core and thinly slice apples; add to bowl along with endive and radishes. Drizzle dressing over salad. Gently but thoroughly toss just until salad is evenly dressed; adjust seasonings. Divide salad among serving plates. Top with cheese and pomegranate seeds. Nuts can be toasted and cooled up to 3 days ahead. Keep covered at room temperature. Winter White Salad With Endive and Pomegranate has 286.0 calories. Winter White Salad With Endive and Pomegranate has 8.0 grams of protein. Winter White Salad With Endive and Pomegranate has 20.0 grams of fat. Winter White Salad With Endive and Pomegranate has 142.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Winter White Salad With Endive and Pomegranate are 3/4 cup hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 3 Granny Smith or other crisp apples, 2 1/2 pounds endive, trimmed, leaves separated, cut in half crosswise if large, 1/2 pound daikon radishes, peeled, very thinly sliced, preferably using a mandolin, 1/3 pound aged Manchego cheese, shaved (generous 1/2 cup), 1/2 cup pomegranate seeds.This simple, light salad showcases the beauty of winter vegetables and makes an elegant start to a festive holiday meal.  Salad Cheese Vegetable Vegetarian Endive Side Lunch Kid-Friendly Healthy Low Fat Low Cholesterol Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.