Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon recipe. With motor running, drop garlic into a food processor and finely chop. Stop processor and add onion, jalapeño to taste), lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, then pulse until finely chopped. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes for flavors to develop. Peel xuxu if skin is tough. Cut xuxu off pit in slices, then cut into 1/4-inch-thick matchsticks. Toss shrimp with 1 teaspoon salt. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Sauté shrimp until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Sauté xuxu in remaining tablespoon oil in skillet until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Return shrimp to skillet, then add hearts of palm and sauté until just heated through. Remove from heat and stir in chile-lemon sauce and cilantro. Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon has 406.0 calories. Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon has 31.0 grams of protein. Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon has 17.0 grams of fat. Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon has 1401.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Xuxu and Shrimp with Chile and Lemon are 6 garlic cloves, 3/4 cup chopped white onion, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh jalapeño, including seeds, 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 medium xuxu (chayote; about 1 3/4 pound total), 1 1/2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1/4 cup olive oil, divided, 1 (14-ounces) jar or can hearts of palm, rinsed well, patted dry, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1/3 cup chopped cilantro.Crisp chayote goes by a raft of different names, but its Brazilian one, xuxu, was the inspiration for this quick stir-fry. The dish's vivid good looks echo its primal shout of flavor. After the shrimp, xuxu, and hearts of palm are cooked, they're tossed with a raw sauce of garlic, onion, jalapeño, and lots of lemon juice, which keeps everything sparkling and very fresh-tasting.  Food Processor Garlic Sauté Stir-Fry Quick & Easy Dinner Shrimp Healthy Jalapeño Lemon Juice Gourmet Sugar Conscious Pescatarian Paleo Dairy Free Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added.