Yogurt Pie with Grape and Black-Pepper Compote recipe. Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 325°F. Pulse gingersnaps in a food processor until very fine crumbs form you should have about 2 cups). Add flour, raw sugar, and salt and pulse to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture is the consistency of wet sand. Transfer mixture to a 9" pie dish. Using a measuring cup, press firmly onto bottom and up sides of pie dish. Place pie dish on a rimmed baking sheet and bake crust, rotating halfway through, until dry and set, 20–25 minutes. Transfer pie dish to a wire rack and let crust cool. DO AHEAD: Crust can be baked 1 day ahead. Store wrapped tightly at room temperature. Place gelatin and 2 tablespoons milk in a small bowl and let stand until gelatin is softened, 5–10 minutes. Warm remaining 1/2 cup milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until steaming, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, add gelatin mixture, and whisk until smooth. Whisk in yogurt, brown sugar, and lemon zest and pour into pie crust, smoothing top if needed; chill until set, at least 2 hours. Meanwhile, bring grapes, granulated sugar, lemon juice, pepper, and salt to a boil in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until grapes burst and mixture is syrupy, 8–10 minutes. Let cool. Using a slotted spoon, spoon compote over pie slices just before serving. DO AHEAD: Pie and compote can be made 2 days ahead; cover separately and chill. Yogurt Pie with Grape and Black-Pepper Compote has 454.0 calories. Yogurt Pie with Grape and Black-Pepper Compote has 11.0 grams of protein. Yogurt Pie with Grape and Black-Pepper Compote has 19.0 grams of fat. Yogurt Pie with Grape and Black-Pepper Compote has 339.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Yogurt Pie with Grape and Black-Pepper Compote are 10 ounces gingersnaps, preferably thin, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons raw sugar or granulated sugar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted, slightly cooled, 2 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin, 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup whole milk, 2 3/4 cups plain whole-milk Greek yogurt, 1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 cups seedless black grapes, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of kosher salt.We tried all kinds of gingersnaps to make this easy crust. Our favorite? Anna's Ginger Thins.  Dessert Bake Thanksgiving Yogurt Grape Bon Appétit Peanut Free.