Zeppole recipe. In a large saucepan over moderate heat, combine 2 cups water with the butter, 2 tablespoons of sugar, and the salt. Cook until the butter and sugar are melted, about 2 minutes. Bring to a boil and cook for 30 seconds, then remove from the heat. Stir in the flour then place over low heat, and using a wooden spoon, beat constantly until the dough is stiff, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and let cool for 4 minutes. Transfer the batter to a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, and let the dough sit for 2 minutes. Turn the mixer on low and add the eggs, one at a time, until the batter is thick and ribbonlike the dough should be the temperature of lukewarm water). Cover with plastic wrap and let the batter cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and the cinnamon and set aside. Line a baking sheet with 2 layers of paper towels. Using a deep-fat fryer or a heavy large pot and a deep-fat thermometer), heat the oil until it reaches 350°F. Working in 3 batches, carefully scoop 12 individual tablespoons of batter into the hot oil. Fry the _zeppole_s until golden brown, about 5 minutes per batch. Transfer as done to the prepared baking sheet and return oil to 350°F between batches. Sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar mixture and serve immediately. The ingredients of Zeppole are 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons table salt, 2 cups bread flour, 7 large eggs, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Canola oil, for frying, Special equipment: Deep-fat fryer.Melissa Kelly opened Primo, an Italian restaurant in Rockland, Maine, in 2000. She has since expanded with locations in Orlando and Tucson. This Web-exclusive recipe for Epicurious is a crispy, delicious dessert from Primo's menu. It can be served hot on its own, or alongside an espresso float with vanilla and chocolate gelato.  Alcoholic Egg Herb Dessert Super Bowl Spice Tailgating Deep-Fry Party Kidney Friendly Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free.