Zucchini and Red Pepper Enchiladas with Two Salsas recipe. Prepare a gas grill for direct-heat cooking over medium heat; see Grilling Procedure . Preheat oven to 350°F . Secure each onion round with a wooden pick for grilling. Oil grill rack, then grill vegetables, covered, turning occasionally, until tender 6 to 8 minutes for bell peppers and zucchini; 10 to 12 minutes for onion), transferring to a bowl. Wrap tortillas in stacks of 6 in foil and heat in oven, about 15 minutes. Cook chile, garlic, cumin, and pumpkin seeds in oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat, stirring, until seeds pop, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer 3 tablespoons seeds with a slotted spoon to a bowl and reserve. Purée remaining seeds and oil with cilantro, water, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Stir together tomatoes, onion, chile, lime juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cut vegetables into strips. Spread 2 teaspoons pumpkin-seed salsa on each warm tortilla and top with some of grilled vegetables, then roll up. Heat oil 1/2 cup) in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Fry enchiladas, seam side down first, in 2 batches, turning once, until lightly browned and heated through, about 2 minutes per batch. Transfer enchiladas to plates, then drizzle with remaining pumpkin-seed salsa and sprinkle with reserved seeds and cheese. Serve with tomato salsa. Zucchini and Red Pepper Enchiladas with Two Salsas has 887.0 calories. Zucchini and Red Pepper Enchiladas with Two Salsas has 21.0 grams of protein. Zucchini and Red Pepper Enchiladas with Two Salsas has 83.0 grams of fat. Zucchini and Red Pepper Enchiladas with Two Salsas has 64.0 grams of sodium. The ingredients of Zucchini and Red Pepper Enchiladas with Two Salsas are 1 large white onion, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds, 2 red bell peppers, quartered, 3/4 pound medium zucchini, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, 12 (6-to 7-inch) soft corn tortillas, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 6 ounces crumbled queso fresco or ricotta salata, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh serrano chile, including seeds, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 1/3 cups raw green (hulled) pumpkin seeds (pepitas), 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups chopped cilantro, 1 1/2 cups water, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, 1/4 cup finely chopped white onion, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh serrano chile, including seeds, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Garnish: cilantro leaves.Smoky grilled vegetables—not a cloying amount of meat or cheese—rule here. Instead of embellishing the enchiladas with a complex (and time-consuming) Mexican pipián (pumpkin-seed sauce), cook a few customary pipián ingredients and then purée them with cilantro for an easy enchilada that's herbaceous and fresh.  Cheese Tomato Vegetarian Quick & Easy Cinco de Mayo Backyard BBQ Dinner Bell Pepper Zucchini Grill Grill Barbecue Tortillas Gourmet Pescatarian Wheat Gluten-Free Peanut Free Tree Nut Free Soy Free No Sugar Added Kosher.